In this video, I'm going to talk to you about Biden's new proposed tax plan and what it means for us as entrepreneurs. And I'll try and break down all different levels of entrepreneurs and how these things may affect you. All right.

And so I made a little list of the main bullets that I think everyone should know about. All right. So I'm going to give you a little example of what it is, what it means for us.

And then at the end, what I'm going to do is I'm going to kind of summarize what I plan to do to kind of, you know, mitigate some of these things that are happening. All right. Now, that being said, I've made other videos on taxes and taxation in general.

There are a handful of things here that very, very deeply concern me. And I'll express those when we get to them. All right.

So let's rock and roll. And if you don't know how my name is Alex Ramozzi, I own acquisition.com. It's a portfolio of companies that does $100 million a year to make these videos because I think they're fun and cool.

And I think entrepreneurship is awesome. All right. So lots of love.

Let's see. Let's rock and roll. So number one, they're going to increase the top marginal tax rate to 39.6% after 2022.

No big surprise there. They're just going to make the top bracket pay more. Okay.

Number two, they're going to tax long term capital gains and qualified dividends with taxable income over a million dollars at ordinary income tax rates. Okay. So if you make over a million bucks a year, all of your capital gains are now being taxed again, 40%, like I just said, which double blows.

But you know, noted, do we think that's going to affect how people invest? Not as much as I think you would think because if you have no alternative, you just have to continue to play the game because you're not going to not invest the money because of the tax, you're still going to invest. And then you're just gonna have to pay the taxes.

Now, what I do think it will do is it will get a lot of people to not realize their capital gains, because they're going to hope for a change in in leadership, which is exactly what I would do. I would definitely just not sell. Or we recently, you know, exited three of our companies this last year.

And it was because we anticipated a capital, not because of this, but among one of the reasons was that we anticipated a big increase in capital gains tax. And so we thought it might be a good time to recognize some of our equity. All right.

So next one is they're going to treat transfers of appreciated property by gift at death as taxable dispositions. Okay. So basically, normally you could you could give stuff at death and it wasn't taxed.

In this case, they will be now they're going to raise the corporate income tax to 28%, you know, which basically bumps it back from when when Trump cut it, there's going to be tax on stock buybacks, which most of you guys probably don't need to worry about impose a 20% minimum on income. And this is probably the biggest one. This is like, I mean, well, it'll affect me, it might not affect a lot of people.

But it's a 20% minimum tax on income, okay, including unrealized gains. All right, which to me is one of the most insane concepts of all time. And I'm going to break down this one, particularly at the end of this little bulleted list, because like, there's a lot of consequences that I think, for lack of a better term, are fucking insane.

But I want to break it down. So you can at least you know, at your next cocktail party or whatever it is, like talk intelligently about it. Okay, next one is imposed minimum term and gift requirements.

So it's effective on all trusts created on or after the date, basically, they're just decreasing write offs there. I'll cover a couple more of the big ones, carried interest. So the private equity guys are now going to finally paying them tax, I think that's probably a good thing.

Overall, they're going to cap deferral of gain from 1031 exchanges for the real estate guys to 500,000 per taxpayer, which means like pretty much if you're a serious real estate investor, you're going to now not have that 1031 to like shelter all of your tax free gains. And if you don't know what 1031 is, it's basically you sell a house, you have the profit that you have from the house, if you put it into something that's similar in nature, type of building within a period of time, like I think it's a year, then you don't have to pay taxes, you're basically just transferring it into another building and it continues. And the reason they had those those tax treatments is because you know, the government likes to incentivize people to continue to rebuild infrastructure.

And so real estate and buildings are a big part of that. And so if they make it incentivizing for investors to to invest in those places, then it means the country as a whole will continue to upkeep its real estate, it will continue to just overall infrastructure continue gets built by private money, right, which is a good thing for everybody. But they're eliminating that or capping it for the vast majority of people who do the most of the volume, they're going to decrease deductions for easement transactions.

That's like a kind of a tax loophole around donating land and things like that. And then limit limit the use of donor advice funds for private donations. So basically, they're limit how much you're going to you're going to be able to write off off of donations.

All right, there's a whole bunch of other stuff. And they also limit the duration of generation skipping transfer tax exemption. So it's effective to all trusts, which means that like for the whole concept of like, I want to pass on my wealth to my to my generations, what are the Rockefellers do, they're gonna they're gonna cut that severely if they pass this.

Okay, so this is this is the bill, I think that there's there's there's obviously plenty more than what you can say in, you know, five minutes. But I want to talk about one aspect in particular, I'll probably talk about two, one of them is gonna be the income tax, the second will be the the the corporate tax increase. And the third will be the one that I'm most concerned about, which is the unrealized capital gains tax.

All right. So first one, you know, if you're going from 37, or I don't even remember what it was 37 to 39.6. Is it gonna make a big difference for you?

Probably not if you're in that bracket. But it is kind of like boiling a frog, you know, at a certain point, there's only 100% that someone can take. But you know, I've always made in my last video, I talked about how like the real wealth is always built in growth of equities, growth of the things that you're building, right, which is one of the things that they're going to threaten, which I'll get to last.

The second one is corporate tax, right. And so if you have a C Corp, and this is in the US, you can leave the money that you have in the C Corp and pay less tax as a result. So at this point, I think it's 23.

Don't quote me, my accountants know somewhere in there for C Corp, and they're going to bump into 28. Where this becomes a real issue is that if you take dividends from your company, you pay income tax on the dividends like regular income tax, so you're going to pay 28 and then 40. So all of a sudden, this starts to like not make as much sense.

Now, the C Corp structure, it makes the most sense if you plan on continuing to redeploy capital within the business. All right, so if you are playing the game of I want to increase the value of the corporation that I own, and I'm going to so it's more efficient for me to have the corporation pay the 28%, keep it in retained earnings, and then redeploy it through M&A, capital expenses, investing in, you know, infrastructure, things like that, they're going to increase the value of business. Now, the vast majority of the time, especially if you're a small business, you don't really have anything besides mergers and acquisitions.

And again, I said small business, so this might not apply for a lot of people. But besides M&A, there's not a lot of stuff that you're going to redeploy that money for, which is why I think LLCs and whatnot work for most small businesses better. Now, once you get a little bit more sophisticated, I think C Corp can make more sense.

But you have to do a cost analysis on both in terms of how you plan on redeploying the capital so that you can, and most accounting firms will be able to do a side by side comparison for you. So you can see what your net tax implications are. Now, I'm a big fan of not caring at the end of the day, because we're going to die about taxes on income.

But if you're going to get taxed, you can still be smart about it and, you know, just do the normal work. I wouldn't, you know, encourage you to spend a tremendous amount of time wasting on this stuff, rather than building your business, because that's where you're going to build most of your wealth. Now, let's get the last one.

And then Alex will make two recommendations that I think are going to be highly controversial and unpopular, but I think would be way more beneficial. So the unrealized capital gains. So this is kind of complicated the way they set it up.

All right. And a lot of people are going to be heeing and hawing about how this works. But let's just say that your net worth is $100 million.

Okay. Now, a lot of people might be tuning in and be like, well, if I'm at $100 million, like I won't care. And you might, but you might not.

And I'll tell you why. And it's like right now, the reason you get to 100 million is because you believe in the American dream. And you believe in the American dream, because you believe that opportunity is endless.

And what happens is, and this is why I'm very afraid of this particular tax, is that it makes it much more difficult to attain. And so what it will essentially do is, is massively, massively, massively affect how much people can basically build their net worth to. And I would more or less be okay with that from a, from a cognitive, you know, from a, from a logical basis, excuse me, if the capital were being redeployed through a, an efficient system, but the private sector deploys capital 10 times more effectively than the government does.

And so you're basically taking money out of people's hands who are very good at deploying capital and putting it into people's hands who are very bad at deploying capital. People who work for the government don't normally have the best capital deployment skills compared to people who do this for a living. And so that's like kind of like a systemic concern that I have.

The other one is that I think it will kill innovation because, I mean, I think this would be a kiss of death for the US economy, be really honest with you, because we want to be at the cutting edge of innovation, starting new companies, et cetera. Where do you think so many of these, you know, really exciting, you know, startups, software companies, et cetera, get their initial funding from? Wealthy people.

And if wealthy people no longer are incentivized to do that or massively disincentivized to do that, then they just won't do it or they'll invest elsewhere. On top of that, US as a whole will be saving less money while all of our foreign competitors will be saving more money and we'll have the money going to people who are better at allocating capital than their governments. And so I think it's a really, really, really, really bad move just from an economic standpoint.

Now, mind you, and I just want to be really clear, I've only voted one time in my entire life and I regretted it because it was a waste of time. So just, I say this because I, I don't think that my vote matters and everyone's like, if everyone thought that way, it's like, don't worry, no one, not everyone thinks that way. So it doesn't matter.

I'm not going to like somehow make one YouTube video and everyone's going to suddenly stop voting because what happens is if fewer people started voting, then the votes would matter more and the more people start voting it, right? So it's a balancing act. Anyways, here's how the unrealized capital gains tax will work.

This is me broad brushstrokes. Okay. The, the armchair people who read every single word of the tax proposal, you're awesome.

I love you. And, you know, by all means put all of the, all of the, the corrections in the comments. But this is the general gist.

Okay. So let's say you have a $200 million net worth and the $200 million net worth is based on a, a, a 10 X multiple of a company that you own that does $20 million a year in EBITDA or earnings. All right.

I'm trying to keep this simple as hell. Okay. So you have a 10 X multiple on 20, which gives you $200 million in value.

Now how they're going to, to calculate this. I haven't even read into because I actually haven't been able to find it. I Googled all over and couldn't find it, but let's just say that that's how it's being calculated.

Okay. And if someone in the comments does know how it's being calculated, post the formula. I'm really curious.

So you got 20 million that's, that's coming in, uh, as EBITDA for the company that you own a hundred percent of just for math sake. And that's worth 200 million. Now let's say that next year you grow the thing to 25 million even.

Okay. And with a 10 X valuation, that means that your company goes to from 200 to 250 million. Okay.

And value, assuming you took all of the profit of your company as a dividend, which is not likely, but let's just assume again, to make this simple, it means that you would make $25 million in income. Okay. That's category one.

And then you would have taken your company from 200 to 250 million. So you've got 50 million here and 25 million here. So that was the net increase.

And you're like net worth ish, ish. Okay. Pre-tax ish.

They want everybody to pay 20% on unrealized capital gains. And so that extra 50 million, 20% of that would be $10 million. Okay.

So that's 10 right to the side. And then you've got your normal income tax of 40% on your 25. All right.

Which is going to be another 10. Okay. Which means keeping, keeping math, keeping math here.

If you paid all your taxes upfront, then you would pay 25 million, sorry, 20 million of your 25 million in taxes. 20 out of 25 million in taxes. It's an 80% tax rate.

That's really aggressive. Now that's assuming that you don't have some sort of tech company that doesn't make any profit. Because if you did have that, then I don't even know what their plan is for that situation.

I think you'd have to sell stock of your own company to pay the tax on the increase and somehow get like it, it would be, or you'd have to take loans against your equity to pay the taxes. It's really shitty. The thing that they're trying to do to soften the blow here.

All right. Cause I mean, think about it literally be like overnight 80% tax rates. And that's, that's with that example that I gave, right?

It could be, it could be, that's it with a really high cashflow company. If you don't have a high cashflow company that's valued for other reasons, it would basically just drain you. Like it would just drain you entirely from all your reserves.

You'd have to go into debt to continue to own your company, or you'd have to own less of your company to continue to run your company. So you'd literally be disincentivizing the founders and innovators from continuing to grow their company. Because if they grew it, they get taxed more before they can pay for it.

That being said, the little special caveat that they're trying to do to make it softer is that it's, it can be spread over nine years. All right. So that $10 million could be spread over nine years.

So it'd be like 1.1 million or whatever on top of your normal income tax. Right. But the thing is, is that it will stack up, right?

So it's like, it's 1.1. So I might pay my normal, you know, 10 million on my 25 that I, that I paid an income tax. And then I'd have 1.1 that I'd start paying towards the 10 million that I owe on the $50 million.

The thing is, is that it sounds, it sounds like, okay, that's not, that's not as bad. It's just because no one can think in time, right? Because you just fast forward 10 years, and then you're going to be paying that.

It just, they're just, they're just slowly boiling the frog to get to the point where, where it stacks up on top of itself. Because next year, you're going to owe 1.1 and another, probably more than that, because if the company grew again, you'd have another, you know, tax bill you'd have to pay on top of that. And so hopefully you're seeing, it's like mount, it's like mountains of debt, basically in tax that you're gonna have to start paying.

And so nine years from now, that's when you're, you're, you're, you're getting smashed, right? Because it's going to take nine years for these payment plans to stack. Now, obviously, that's one, assuming that they pass it to that they don't repeal it.

I think the likelihood that it passes is low. But I will tell you this, I think it is one of the scariest tax bills I've ever seen. And it's because if you disincentivize the very people who are building the things that grow this economy, it makes the risk that a founder takes on virtually untenable.

It's like when you start a company, you risk failure and you have the odds are stacked against you that you will fail. Like, it's very likely that you're going to fail. And in the, in the off chance that you actually succeed, they will, unless you just have a very normal, boring cashflow business, which many businesses are not that way that have tremendous value, they will basically just bankrupt you and la and stack so much tax debt on you for things that you have not realized yet.

And here's where it gets worse. What if you do that, you pay taxes on capital gains that are unrealized, and then the company goes under, which is also very common, you basically just pay taxes to the government on stuff you never got ever. And those taxes might actually be the thing that destroy the business, because you got saddled with that, and you could barely pay your own expenses.

So the example I gave was a generous one, because a lot of times you're not going to have, you know, $25 million a year that's coming in. Let's say you have, I'll give you a different example to really drive this home. Let's say you had an exit and you have a hundred million dollars.

Okay. Let's just say that that's your, your current net worth. And you're probably pretty good at making money or allocating capital because you have that money.

Right. And so let's say you get 15% on that. Your net worth goes up by 15 million.

And let's say that because you had your, you know, exit, you know, you only make 2 million bucks doing consulting stuff, whatever. So you make $2 million and you get taxed 40%. So that's 800,000.

But then you make $15 million in increased appreciation on your assets. So the 20% minimum tax there would be $3 million on the 15. That's more than you made in total.

And people were like, well, it's going to spread over nine years. It's like, yeah, but then next year, you're also going to have to pay it. And then the night year after that.

So like, it's going to stack up and people just can't fucking do math. You have $3 million in taxes and you only made 2 million and you still have the 800. So you have $1.2 million left and you still owe another three.

So you're going to have to come up with $1.8 million every year, just because you happen to own stuff and have a successful exit. And so then you start bleeding your hundred million that you risked everything to get in order to pay off tax for gains you haven't realized. So you have to sell stuff just, you basically, the government will just force you to sell your belongings or they put you in prison.

So I think it's, I think it is, it is one of the scariest things I've ever seen. I think it destroys the American dream. I think it is against capitalism.

I think that the government is a terrible allocator of capital in general, and they're literally one 10th as efficient as the private sector is. And so we're just going to take money out of the hands of the people who are most effective with it. But that being said, I understand, I understand the, the inequality that exists at the top.

The difficulty that I have is the psychology around it, which is, it's just like every MLM, every MLM in the world, you know, they show the, they show the number one, you know, person. And because of survivorship bias, people think that's going to be me. Stats would show that it's probably not going to be you, but just the hope, just the idea that you could someday get there is what inspires the vast majority of entrepreneurs.

I think, I mean, at least me. And I think destroying that incentive and destroying that vision of what, what could happen would be a really big detriment. I don't have the best solution.

I did say I have a couple of ideas. And so these are Alex's very unpopular ideas around taxation. I think that, and like, people are going to call me crazy for this, but here's two very radical ideas.

Number one is decrease income tax dramatically to 0%, and then have an enormous capital gains tax. And the reason for that is because most people who are poor make money off of income, right? Most people who are wealthy make money off of their investments.

And so that would be a, I think, more balanced way of helping, you know, then it would still help all of the, basically, if you're working, you should get, you'd be able to keep all the stuff that your hands are making for you, right? And I feel like that would be a really interesting balanced approach to the process, right? Because you're basically limiting how much people can make passively from their money and forcing more people to work.

So that was, that's, that's an idea. I'm sure there's plenty of holes. There always are, but that was just one I was like, huh, that would be interesting.

A different idea that I have is because most of you who know me know that I'm not a huge fan of the concept of legacy because, you know, you multiply out your generations, 5,000 years, they won't know who you are, just like you don't know the people who you came from. And so the idea of legacy is kind of a myth when you expand it over a long enough time horizon. And because I think that money ruins people when you have not earned it.

The alternative would be to have basically like 100% death tax, decrease the taxes dramatically on income and capital gains throughout the entire life that someone has, but basically eliminate the transfers of wealth. And what that does is I think it will create a world where people become significantly more giving as they get older anyways, because they know they can't take it with them both in the like, we know we can't take it with us. But for some reason, we have this diluted idea that we're going to be able to pass it on to people.

And so I think it would force the people who know that the government is going to tax them, I don't think that they would want all that money to go away. And so what will happen is that in the end of their lives, they will start giving it all away and then privately allocating the money where they are more efficient than the government is, and actually have a massive improvement in the well being of society as a whole. And so think about that is like these these huge wealth get accumulated, and then they just can't, they can't just pass the generation to keep accumulating and accumulating it.

Instead, it just gets boom back, and then it helps everybody else out. And so that is that is actually my best is in my opinion, my best idea that I have to fix the tax system, which would be massively decrease the income tax massively decrease capital capital gains, because I would encourage investment, it would encourage people to work, it would mass it would increase the amount of innovation, it would increase foreign money coming into the company, into the United States in the country, the death tax, the fact that you can't transfer the wealth to you know, people without you could do 100%, you can 90%, whatever it is, right, some big percentage, and I'm sure you could write a little bit of, you know, clauses around like spouses directly or something like that, but basically not down generations. I think that would be a really cool way to incentivize everybody who accumulates a lot of wealth to end up giving it away.

And the key part that I think makes it interesting is that because they will give it away rather than getting it taxed, they will privately allocate the money where it's more effectively spent than the government does. And I think that overall would flood the US with pretty probably all the social systems that it would need privately funded more efficiently, and probably alternative educations and things that the people who make the most money are passionate about. And what's interesting here too, is that the people who make lots and lots of money, first generation is very, very different second and third generation wealth.

They talk about all the time, the one, you know, one first generation builds a second generation, maintains it, third generation destroys it. And the people who are builders, most times, I think it's like 85, like don't quote me, but I think it's like 85% of the Forbes list are self made. And so people talk about these billionaires, like they're these terrible people, but like they're, they're one of us who just made it, right.

And so giving those people typically, I think, start caring about everyone, the wider up you go, the higher up the because you don't need to satisfy your needs anymore. You're really just trying to help humanity at this point. And so I think that you'd have the best, most innovative people trying to make an impact on humanity, rather than leaving a legacy to their very concentrated family.

Anyways, that's Alex's two cents on Joe Biden's plan. Welcome to Mosey Nation if you're new. Most of the times we talk about business stuff.

This one was an exception. If you enjoyed it, let me know. If you hated it, also let me know.

Keep being amazing. I'll catch you guys in the next video. Bye.