This is Philip. He gave up a high paying job in tech to start a garbage collection business. Last year, he lost $150,000.

So Philip was a wife and a kid and another baby on the way. And if he doesn't fix the business model fast, he'll put that growing family at risk. Hi, my name is Philip.

I'm the owner of Garby Disposal Services. We do residential trash, recycling, and yard waste collection. Our revenue is $642,000.

Our net profit is negative $151,000. That's the wrong side. It is on the wrong side.

Our net margins are negative 23%. We've been in business for a little under two years and we currently serve 2,500 customers. So what's the problem?

We need to become profitable. We're not utilizing our assets enough. Trash is a very capitally intensive business.

One of our trucks is at half utilization. Routes are not super efficient. We've had lots of unexpected repairs.

We need more leads. Scale up our door-to-door efforts. We need to scale up our meta ads efforts profitably though.

And we need more conversions on the HOA side and we need to increase our route efficiency. So a lot of things we need to do. So many things.

Why is solving this important? What happens if you don't solve this? I'm definitely in the thick of my rocky cut scene right now where I left my high paying job at Amazon as a software engineer to start this because I thought it was a great opportunity.

And I have been working 16 hours a day, seven days a week for the past few years with really little to nothing, actually negative to show for it. And I have a wife and a child at home and my wife is actually due in the next six weeks, which props to me. So I need to make sure that I'm able to provide for her and my daughter and the new baby, especially as you know, my wife won't be able to work.

So it's really crucial that we figure this thing out sooner rather than later. And I think we're really close because by my estimations, we 3000 customers is going to be that critical mass point or we're going to start to make some money. So here's my promise to you, which I don't normally do.

By the time you leave, you'll feel absolutely clear on what you need to do in order to be profitable. All right. So I'll stay as long as it takes to make sure that you're good.

All right. Okay. All right.

So who do you help? Yeah. So we have two types of avatars.

50% are what we call scatter. The other 50% are HOAs. And there's two different types of sales processes for these two types of customers.

Yeah. What's the, is there, is there a difference in, in like home value or income in the scatter versus HOAs or HOAs do they tend to be nicer than the other ones or? We've had some HOAs that are lower income for sure.

And then we have some scatter customers that are much higher income. That scatter group is thinking about switching to be an HOA. So typically it does correlate with income.

The HOAs are higher income. In general. Right.

I think there's going to be a big strategic decision that we're going to have to make that you're probably not expecting. And it's around, it's around who the avatar is. So we'll talk more about that.

The second thing is going to be how you acquire them. So how do you help them? Okay.

So we have two different types of services for two different customers. So our scatter customers have once weekly trash recycling and yard waste collection. Most don't have an existing contract.

So we can just get them set up and start service even next week. But typically the beginning of the month is what we do. Then our HOAs have two service options there.

So they can either have once or twice weekly trash collection. Most of them opt for the twice weekly trash collection. Yeah.

80%. So they're on three or five year contracts usually. And so we wait for the end of those contracts for us to be able to bid.

Do you reach out to find out when the end of their contracts are? And then you just have put them in a calendar basically. Excel spreadsheet.

Yeah. Okay. Yep.

Yep. So once those are up for a bid, then we start to, then we just calculate the price and everything. And then we often the low bid will win, unfortunately.

Let's come on. That's what I want to talk to you about. Yeah.

So we'll get, okay. Let me ask one more question about the slide before, which is who do you help? So of homes in your area, do you know what percentage of them are scattered versus kind of like contained within HOAs and like kind of off the, basically off the board until they come up?

In my service area, there's a very large majority that are HOAs. Okay. Yeah.

That is interesting. Do you have any idea what percentage? I don't know, but I can just see it on a map.

Just if you guesstimate it for me, it's fine. 70%. 70.

Yeah. Okay. Okay.

Are there a lot of other competing trash services on the scatter side? There's one big one that's really causing us to reduce a lot of our prices right now. Yeah.

We're going to, we're going to, we'll deal with that. Okay. Got it.

Okay. Let's keep going. So give me the money stuff.

How do you make money? So for our scatter customers, we charge 2967 a month, which is billed quarterly at $89. And as an intro offer, we offer three months free.

That's not all in one go. That's just on the third, excuse me, second, third, and fourth invoice. And for our HOA customers, it varies pretty widely.

It really depends on, you know, the home type, whether it's a townhome or a single family home, single family home with a lot of families are going to produce a lot more trash. And then we have to pay that at the landfill. And so it also varies depending on the number of units, as well as the proximity to our current route.

And they're actually all on a monthly billing schedule. But the scatter ones are on a monthly billing schedule too, right? No, they're billed quarterly.

Oh, quarterly. Excuse me. Got it.

Got it. Okay. Yeah.

You price it. You price it monthly. I got you.

Yeah, exactly. Okay. Cool.

Okay. So how do you get customers? We have four different channels through which we get customers.

So we have door to door. And I currently go and do around 300 a week. I knock on 300 doors.

And my close rate is right around 26%. And we hired. What's your door open rate?

Door open rate was, I don't have that ready. Just rough. I believe it was around 30%.

Is it really? Yeah. Dude, so you knock on 12 doors, you get a sale.

Yeah. So chill. Yeah.

You can just like, you're like, Hey, I got to get lunch. You're like, give me two seconds. Just like knock on 12 doors and you buy lunch.

I'm not the best sales guy, but yeah, I mean, I can even sell. So. Okay.

Yeah. Okay. There's, there's some things that we're going to do on the offer that things that help us out.

But okay. So door to door, $50 commission per sale. That's what you're paying your current sales guy.

Yes, exactly. And he recently started with us three weeks ago. Got it.

And he's, how many deals does he do in a day? So he's been getting better and better, but right now he averages right around five. Five a day.

I mean, it's not a bad, it's not a bad gig. And he'll just keep getting better, right? Yes.

Like yesterday he got seven. That's awesome. Yeah.

That's good. That's really good. That's very exciting.

Okay. Now you pay him 50 and he's collecting less than 50. No, he'll, he's a contractor.

So he just gets all the 50. No, no. As in for what he, Oh, like he's collecting less than 50, but you pay him 50 for getting the sale.

He collects the 89 for the first invoice. Okay. For the first three quarter or for the first three months.

Yep. Okay. You said that it was, you said it was month two, three, four is where they're getting their free month.

The quarter two, three, four. So they get one month on quarter two, quarter three and quarter four. Okay.

Got it. Understood. Okay.

That's fine. Okay. So let's walk, let's walk through the, so I understand the D2D.

Do you have percentage breakdowns on these between which ones, what in terms of how many are coming from door to door? How many are coming from paid ads coming or coming from outreach? How many coming from referrals?

No, I don't have those numbers. Rough estimate. Yeah.

I mean, recently I'd say 50% have been coming from door to door because I've really been pounding the pavement quite literally. Yeah. Yeah.

And then we leave cards there and stuff and then people will sign up. Yeah. I did see your door hanger got 1.2%.

Yeah. Super interesting. Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. Let's okay.

We'll keep going. Okay. So paid ads, you're spending 600 a month.

Yep. Yeah. We have meta ads.

We run 600 a month that gets us HOA and scatter customers, but they're marketing. We're, we're targeting scatter customers and we also do cold outreach. So cold email, I exhaust that list pretty quickly.

And then I also have started doing in the past six months, uh, handwritten letters to members. Yep. A hundred percent.

And then we also have referrals for our scatter customers and the, for each referral, they get one free month of service. So I'll just say this right now. If you have call it 500 HOAs, which represents 70% of the market, it's not a cold email play.

So that's where it's the handwritten card, personal gift drive up. It's like you live 365 days. It's like go to two a day.

You know what I mean? And obviously you're going to have the ones that are due, you know, with their own, whatever the renewal is. And so even if they're on three or three year cycles, 500 divided by three, so it's one 50.

So you go to one every other day, or you decide to do one day a week where you visit seven and it's like, you are a hundred percent up to date if you just did that. Yeah. I think there's some, there's, there's opportunity there.

Okay. So, and then referrals. Yeah.

Referrals for our scattered customers. When they refer their neighbor successfully, they get one free month of service. Okay.

We also fast track them after they get 10 referrals and we just give them a free year at that point. Cool. Does that get a lot of people?

Not as many as I'd like. I don't think I've been good enough about nurturing the referrals, but I have, I have ideas. So how many do you help with your sales velocity per month?

Okay. Yeah. So we get total average leads is 217 per month.

We close about 72 of them, which is a 33% close rate. And is that when you see leads there, is that from Meta primarily? A lot of them are organic.

So they'll see our cans and then, Oh shit. Yeah. And do you have like QR codes and things on the cans?

No, we don't. Interesting. That's interesting.

Well, yeah. I'll write that down. Yeah.

But yeah, they'll see our cans throughout their neighborhood and be like, everyone's switching to your service. So I might as well switch too. Yeah.

They, yeah, that's, they just call it. And so our average month for HOAs is usually two leads. And you provide the bins?

We do. Yeah. Do you have a specific color?

Do they have to be a certain color? Yeah. I think it helps with our branding.

No, so they do have to be a certain color. So they can provide their own if they want. Okay.

Most people just want our bins. Okay. And so we provide, we provide a trash and recycling container.

All right. I have so many ideas. Average per month, you get two HOA leads.

You close half your HOA leads. That's great. And those are somewhat inbound or is that from the outbound efforts you're doing?

Yeah. Those we'll, we'll start with the outbound and then we oftentimes I'll reach a property manager or community manager rather. And then they'll say, Hey, not interested right now.

And then they'll reach out later. Got it. Okay.

Heard. So you've got a thousand scatter, 13 HOAs, 2,500 doors. Okay.

Let me, give me all the other numbers, unless you think there's anything that's important here. HOA customers more likely to convert in spring and summer. Okay.

Just that our churn is super low. But I think that that might change if we increase prices. Yeah.

Because we haven't been as aggressive for increasing. Yeah. I got you.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Cause I do have, I have a bunch of questions on gross margin lifetime gross profit insurance. Yep. Yeah.

So our, our revenue is 642,000 as I mentioned earlier, negative 151 gross margin, 8%, net margin, negative 23. So how's your, the gross margin seems off. Yeah.

So how is that? How is it 8%? Cause it can't cut, like if you're charging $29 a month, it's not costing you $26 per month for each incremental ad.

So that was this past year. And this past year was rough with repairs. Yeah.

The a hundred thousand dollars repairs. Yeah. Just for one truck.

Like that's not even all the trucks. Like it was pretty excessive. Brutal.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

So blending hack of $67 with a blended LTV of $1,300. And is LTV like, like lifetime revenue or gross margin? Gross margin.

Okay. Okay. That feels better.

What's annual retention Yeah. So that's a good question. Or monthly churn either way.

Uh, it's at 0.4%. Nice. Nice.

Sick. That's really good. Okay.

So, and then you've got marketing at a thousand dollars a month. Is that you, that includes door to door? Yes.

Marketing with door to door. That's actually, we, since we just started that guy, that's going to be increasing. It'd be way more, obviously if he's closing seven, that's three, you know, that's three 50 right there.

Okay. Exactly. What else you got?

So our numbers by customer type. So 50, 50 for our revenue. So 300,000 for our HOAs.

And then, um, we have a CAC of $1,200 with an LTV of 23,000 and an LTV of CAC of 18 to one. And our gross margins on this are 23%. And we have a total of 13 of these customers.

And the reason the gross margins are off there compared to what was last year is because I'm going based on, you know, backing out some of those costs that are one off, one off costs. And then for the scatter, we have 300,000 in revenue and a CAC of $51 and LTV of a thousand, 21 to one, uh, LTV to CAC and gross margin of 26 to 40%. And the reason I did that range there is because right now it's at 26, but once we get efficiency, we're very easily going to get to 40.

Yeah. Yeah. You can also raise prices a couple of dollars.

It's like, oh, look, we go 10% when we had three bucks. That's true. Yeah.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Let me see the ads. So we have a total I'd spend is 7,500 with a cost per click of $2 and 12 cents and total clicks of 3,500 with total sales of 153 and a CAC of 51, uh, 63 with an LTV of a thousand just the other ones. And then LTV to CAC of 21.

What stops you from just spending 70,000? A lot of it is our, our cost per lead goes like crazy, crazy high because it's such a small area we're marketing towards. I'll tell you why.

Okay. When I was doing it, I could be doing it wrong. Um, but it was just, it was doing a lot of stuff, right?

I feel like I'm doing everything wrong. No, you're good. Okay.

We'll get there. Okay. So meds, I got this.

These numbers are good though. I get, you're saying that it skyrocks it after a certain point. We'll deal with that.

Do you have any other metrics or creative to show? I have a cold outreach. It's kind of skewed a little bit because it's so low for our, our cost per lead because it's all public data.

Um, but this is for email as well as, uh, the direct mail. You're just not valuing your time because you're the one doing it. Yeah.

Yeah. That's right. Okay.

Yep. So yeah, I mean, $12,000 to be a 700 to one. Yeah.

Let's do more of that. Yeah. It only costs you $174 to make, you know, 12,000 and you got nine more HOAs in the pipeline.

We do. Yeah. I'm a lot of them seem very interested.

If you close half, what happens to the business? The business grows substantially. Yeah.

Okay. That sounds chill. That sounds pretty good.

Okay. You know, so it's really interesting about your business is that we have two key decisions that we have to make. Decision number one is what avatar we're going to focus on.

Decision two is what channel we're going to focus on to get them. I think the direction we go in will depend on you, but you might be surprised by which way we go. Okay.

If you did wave a magic wand, what thing is giving you the most heartburn right now? Not being able to... Obviously money.

Yeah. But what's the, what's the indicator prior to that? Like, is it like if people paid you $200 upfront, that would change the economics of the business dramatically?

Like, is it simply not not getting leads? Like, I'm like, that's, I just want to understand that part. Yeah.

It's more about offsetting some of the upfront costs. This is what I want to solve for, which is I would like to have the most scale black position channel we can that can get, because also you've said you're like, we've spent $7,000, even in a local area, you're not even getting close to tapping. How big is the market overall?

Like on a, you know, 10, 20 mile radius. Yeah. It's pretty big.

A few million people. Yeah. Right.

I mean, like you're not even close. So like, I would love to see spend at like seven, $10,000 a month on the Facebook side, and then probably another five or 10,000 a month on PBC, which will have super high intent. I'll have different metrics around it, but we'll get there for us to solve the problem for good.

We just need cash in the first 30 days to be greater than your cost of goods sold and CAC fully loaded. Right. So do you know what that number is like?

So let's ignore CAC for a second. I guess we have 50. We can use that as a placeholder or 67.

We want to be bullish or bearish. So $67 CAC. And then what's it cost to kind of like onboard someone and kind of like get them going?

I do that all myself. So I don't mean if you paid someone and you, the bin was like fully, fully bake it in because we want to scale past you. Right?

Yeah. So to deliver all the containers for, you know, let's say like 200 customers, it'd be about $500 to pay someone. So that's $2.50.

Yeah. Per customer. Yeah.

So that's not big. So when I said, you're going with this where it's like, okay, if it costs $70, if we made more than 70 on the first transaction, which you do, what's, what's something like what's stopping is just that like, you can't get more leads and then it just, and then it, because you're at 20 to one. Yeah.

Right. And you're at least more than one to one on the front end. So like, why, like, why not?

Is it just, you just can't, as soon as you spend more, it just goes to zero. Like, so the, the issue is, is that we have fulfillment those months after that we still have to cover. So like they pay for the quarter and the first month, and then we have to pay for fulfillment in months two and three, which is completely, it costs roughly.

Like if we get them all. Give me that number. That would be for fulfillment.

That's what I'm saying. Cost of goods. So give me the fully loaded before you get the next payment.

Got it. Yeah. Okay.

So, um, for each customer on the existing rounds, $14 or per pickup per month, right? So it's $14 and you're going to pick it up three times. We have three pickups per week.

Yep. Wait, hold on. It's 14, it's 14 hours per month, right?

Yes. Okay. 14 hours per month.

And they're paying quarterly. Yes. So it's times three, right?

So it's 42 bucks in costs for the first month of delivery. When I say delivery, I mean like fulfillment, right? And your CAC is, we'll call it $70.

Right. So if we get upfront cash over called 120 bucks, you could be good to go. Right.

Well then let's solve for that. Yeah. Okay.

Sorry. Great. Pull out of me.

No, you're good. I mean, that's why we're here. Okay, cool.

Let's come over it. Let's, let's break it up. Let's figure it out.

What order I want to do this in? I think we need, so I think what we're going to do is I think we're going to go avatar. I want to get clear on this because I think that's super important.

Two is I actually think we're going to go offer next. We have to figure out like how we're going to, you know, do it, you know, facilitate the transaction. And then once we know that, then we can do acquisition channel.

And then I think we're going to go ads. And then we're going to go sales process. We'll do some funnel, funnellytics.

I think that's it. I think that's all we need to do. Okay.

You're at that in that stage where like, I like having one avatar, one channel, one product up to a million dollars or more. Right. And you're kind of, you're right there.

Right. And so you have two avatars and like five channels. Pretty much.

Right. Yeah. And so you feel spread thin.

This is me just hearing you out. And so what I want to solve for is we have to make this decision between HOA and scatter. So if you could just do one, which one would you do?

I think HOA is a better opportunity. Okay. I'll tell you, I'll tell you why I don't like either of them.

Okay. And then I'll tell you why I like both. Okay.

All right. So the reason that I don't like HOA is I never want to have a commoditized service where I get into an auction because then it's always just going to be raised to the bottom. Now, the reality is that that's not going to change.

And so it's like, what business are you really at? Right. And so the business that I think you're really in is the efficiency business.

So fundamentally, like if you, if 70% of the market is owned by HOAs and they continue to gobble more and more, you know, more of these houses continue to clob together, then it's kind of an eventuality, right? And that happens. So figuring out the HOA offer, I think makes sense from a future proofing perspective, but the strategy of the business has to be geared towards efficiency because it's the only way you're going to beat the other players, because I agree.

I think they're going to commoditize you. And I think they're going to make it lowest, lowest bid fundamentally. The reason that I like scatter in the short term is that you can price more aggressively.

You can hire gross margins. You can out market, you know, your competition. There's still a decent amount of market share that's there, but, and acquiring them is super easy.

If you just knock on 12 doors and get a sale, it's like, all right, well, how many doors do you knock on? That's true. It's like very straightforward.

Yeah. Because like taking it to the hypothetical extreme, it's like, okay, what stops me from running an ad, getting 10 guys, getting them into a room, taking a day to have them, you know, to train, to train them. And then all of a sudden, I've got 10 guys doing five or five to seven sales a day, all on contract with no risk.

That sounds relatively appealing. And the nice thing with door to door is that they already naturally have a route, right? Which you already know.

And so it makes it even more efficient for the business right on the back end. So that's what I like about scatter. But I do think that there's just, you know, long, long term, there's, there's probably some downside risk.

I'm sorry. Yeah, there's some risk. The HOA, I just feel like you're going to continue to get squeezed.

Yeah, that's the only way. So you're like, okay, well, then which one should I do? You might have I add something?

Yeah, go for it. I think that the thing with scatter that's even better too. And the reason I said HOA was not really because of like, the bet I like I like HOAs, because I think that the competitor that we have right now that's really aggressive is really going hard scatter and no HOAs.

So like, it'll and then a competitor that only does HOAs have recently acquired so people are unhappy with them. So then kind of opens it up. But the thing I love about scatter is what you said about pricing.

Yeah. And then also the fact that it's only once weekly collection. So yeah, increased throughput for each truck.

So that's the thing I like about it. But in terms of, you know, me being one guy, I guess I'm just thinking about it in a limited sense where I'm, I'm like, I'm only one guy, how many doors can knock on to the day? You know, that's not gonna be human.

Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So we just I mean, let's think about this way.

You said when you get to $3,000 is when you're like, super profitable, right? Or like, it becomes more. Yeah, we have.

Right. And if we get to $5,000, then you're like, we're good. You're here.

Yeah, you're good. Well, I mean, in my mind, I like to think like, if I had to take this to its natural extreme, and I only have one thing be true, because I'd like I'd like to like, make a plan on like, the fewest needed believes as possible, like every single new assumption that we introduce, like dramatically decrease the likelihood occurs. If I said, all right, do you think it's humanly possible to get 10 people to work on commission to knock these doors and get to let's say conservatively five a day?

Right now, this guy's gonna keep getting better, he's three weeks in, he's already doing seven, fine. But like, let's just say they stick to five a day. Yeah.

That's 50 sales a day. It's 1500 a month. You're looking at $20,000 by the end of the year.

That's right. And so to me, it's like, okay, well, that overshoots our goal by like, you know, eight x. So there's all these things that you're doing.

But if it was like, if only that one thing were true, then what are the other need to believe that are associated with that, which is that you can find the houses to do these door knocking on? Do you have the ability to do that? Yeah.

Okay, so knowing where to go is not a problem. Yeah. And so basically, your ability to solve two things.

One is the cash to pay the salespeople that they collect as much as you owe them, and that you can cover the cost of the first year, the $42 that we went over earlier. And so like, if the only thing you did was like, you went home, and you're like, I'm going to go find 10 dudes, and they will be commissioned only. And I will just rejig the offer so that I can get $42, plus what I have to pay them upfront.

We don't have to talk about anything else. Yeah. Let's do it.

I mean, like, I can go through like, I can look at the ads, and I could tell you what I think like, could be better. I can tell you why the which, you know, we can go through some of those things. But fundamentally, like, I just want to be like, here's the ramrod.

Like, if only this were true, then what stops you from doing that? Not a ton, which is just the offer and getting the sales guys on. Yeah.

And then after that's done, it's like, that's it. Yeah. And then we just and then we just jam it.

And then you just don't let yourself get distracted. Right? I will give you my blessing on if you get an inbound HOA, you can close.

But I still would be like, this is our growth strategy. I mean, like, yeah, sure, except for money provided, it doesn't there's it's super operationally efficient, it does take some of your time fine, you're the owner, you can close big deals. But by and large, I think that's the play.

Okay. All right, great. So I think we go scatter.

Great. That was decision number one. Yep.

Now acquisition channel, you already have 50% coming from door to door. So that gives us that one. Right.

So I'm gonna hit the sales process in a second. But I think we need to go on offer because this is kind of the big, big unlock of this business. All right.

So we have to get you said you're gonna pay them 50, right? Yes. Okay, so here's how I would restructure this.

I would say we have to get $42. No matter what, period, because that's what it costs. That's hard costs.

Right? So this is base, then got to get the sales guy paid. So I'm just going to put commission here, which we can fill in in a second.

So we've got a backfill that. Okay, we have to get a commission and we have to get the contract, right? So what I want to do is find something.

So do you give them all a new bin? Or can they get like a do they get like somebody else's been or like, how's that work? We recycle the bin.

So if someone like the three people who canceled, then we'll, but for the most part, they're new, they're new beds. Okay. And we'll finance them over three years.

Before I bought them with cash. But then I'm like, okay, maybe we should probably move on to more cash. You wait, you used to pay for them in cash.

Yeah, you finance them now. And do the customer is that $14 per month, including included? Yes.

Yes. How much does it cost for a bid? For the set, including freight, it's 116.

All right, so it's 116. Okay, now, so this has been what else can you sell upfront? Both pickup, maybe.

Um, but only how many what percentage customers like after that? That's also seasonal. And that's so no, that's not the answer.

Okay, what else? So I'll tell you, I had this idea. So we talked about the QR code earlier.

So what I was thinking about doing was like, you put the just the ugliest massive QR code on there. And you just say, Hey, if you want to not have this big QR code on there, it's it's an extra five bucks a month. Or if you're cool with it, and you're still like, are cool with us advertising the business, you allow us to leave it on.

Okay, and I think a lot of people don't give a shit. Yeah, right. And so all we're going to do, though, is just tack that on to existing pricing.

So you're so if they say, I don't want the QR code, then they're going to pay $5 more than your existing price. So there we make in a little price increase there. So we get $5 for the QR code.

So go buy stickers. They're like, not expensive. And just put this massive QR code and put your phone number and but you're like, you've got this, you've got this billboard, right?

It's just sitting out there. What color are the bins? Gray.

Yeah, I totally want them to be neon orange. I'm dead serious. I would want everyone to be like, Jesus.

What is this company, but they would notice it. Yeah, right. I mean, that's what you're trying to you trust the note.

Yeah. You said, wait, didn't you say you wanted the branding? You wanted to be on brand with the gray?

Yeah, people were like cleaning and stuff. I think gray is clean. It looks you should look at them.

They look pretty clean. We have people calling in some like I seen your eyes clean. They're so great.

It's like the perfect great thing. Light gray 50 shades. Yeah.

Okay. Okay. This is this is the this is how we break this how we solve the business.

Right. So like, let's take the time on this. The other stuff is really easy.

I'll show you some easy like I don't even like I can't get into ads. I can't get into the funnel. Like if we just do this, we went.

Yeah. Okay. So you don't charge them anything for the bid.

Right. That's first they're concerned. We do have a separate process through our website.

So we at the door, we have that offer that I mentioned. But then when they go to our website, enter in their address and everything and they're qualified, they do get charged a $37 initiation fee, and then they get charged 35 a month. So we have a little higher price point if they don't take advantage of that.

But most people do the door door. And so this 42 is labor, right? Yes.

Labor plus trucks breaking. Yeah, and dump fees. Okay, yeah, plus dump.

Okay, got it. I think our key is actually how we structure this the bin. So it costs you 116.

Is there a way that we could be like, because what I want to do is is you see where I'm going with this, right? Yep. Because like, if we can get the first transaction to be like 199, you're covered.

Right? Because you've got like, so if we add this together, we've got 158. So 158 is the true, like cost cost, right?

Of getting this person set up. Then you have the commission, which is 50. So 208 all in.

If we got that, you're like, yeah, yeah. Right. Right.

Something I've been playing around with is maybe doing only doing the three months free if they pay annually up front. Yeah, totally. And then like downsell to the 89 a quarter with no months free.

Mm hmm. I like that. Yeah, I like that.

Because even the rate is really attractive. But the I mean, the only negative about that is sometimes they're like, Yeah, sure, let's do it. And then they opt out because their current provider matched it.

But then the three months free usually is what puts them over the edge because the current provider will not offer the three months free. But out of those that do that, I would say it's only maybe one and eight would really read back. Oh, would um, would like after we like, okay, it's 89 a quarter and like, yeah, actually, my current provider matched it.

So it's like one and eight people. Most people are just like here just take the business. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. So if we get if we get the deal on seven out of eight, who cares?

Yeah, right. Okay. Yeah.

So if we go, what I'm trying to play with is so we've got the what what levers do we have, right? So levers that we have this little QR code, like, we're gonna make your thing look ugly. That's thing one, okay, thing two is we have the bin thing to we have thing three is we have the commitment, right?

Right. These are, this is like what we're these are puzzle pieces. Okay.

But I want to collect 200. That's what I'm trying to do. Mm hmm.

Okay. So a quarter is 89, right? Yes.

Is there any reason that you think anyone's gonna balk at 99? 89 to 99? A lot of people are paying 105.

So it may not get them over the edge. You mean it's not enough savings? Yeah.

I hate being low, low cost. Yeah. Okay.

But I think that there's still some people who would definitely convert because like there's some people I talked to who are being charged like 180 a quarter. Yeah, it just all varies, you know, depending on if you if you call them to say, hey, lower my rate. So 80.

Okay, so we got 90 90 is 180, right? In terms of cash, right? There's going to be some setup fee, right?

Which we could say we have a 42. And we also set a fee, right? So it's another little, little thing.

We're just we're constructing an offer right now. That's literally what we're doing. Okay.

Because you could do three months free. And it's 33 per month, right? You could still do three months free.

Yeah, that works fine. Oh, here we go. So we can basically have the QR code be our $5 extra a month.

And you're at 29 seconds to 35. Okay, right? Or you can make it.

Yeah, that's fine. So that gets us to $35 per month. Right.

And so if we did times six, and that's going to be two is that that's 30 plus 180 said 210. Alright, so it's me 210 in cash. And if you commit to six, and you normally just eat this, right?

Yeah. So if you commit to six, we'll give you our $116 bin for free. And we'll waive our $49 set up.

So can you talk a little bit more about these? These numbers right here? Yeah, so this Yeah, so $35 a month is the price, right?

Yeah. But we're trying to do is get them to prepay for six months. Okay.

So that's the main offer is you prepay for six. And then that gets you a free bid. And we waive the setup fee.

Okay. If you don't prepay for six, you can prepay for three, and we'll give you actually we'll just do this, we'll do this. We'll do 12.

And we'll step down to six. And then we'll step down to three, which is your current offer. Okay.

So 12 months gets you because what we're looking for here is blended average cash per door. So if you have some people who pay for 20. And even if it's like one out of whatever one out of five pays for 20, we're still effectively adding 80 bucks per door and cash collected.

Okay, so even if the vast majority of people, if everybody took if four out of five took the your current offer, and then one out of five takes the 400, it's like we're still adding 80 with the existing whatever 89ers that you're getting right now. Right. So now our actual blended average goes to like 170 a door.

Okay. So make sense? Yeah.

Okay. So I think we go times this now if they're like, I don't want the QR code, then we're like, fine, we'll drop it to 30. Right?

If they don't want this, and times 12. So that's 360. Okay.

And we get that up front, which is gonna have low return anyways. If they say no, I don't want to do that. Then we say, because with that you get free bin and free wave, or like free free setup, right?

If they say no, I'll just do six, which would then get us the two, whatever the $200 price point we can get to we can finalize the prices in a second, but you get your $200 price. And when you do that, we can't waive the bin, or we can waive the setup fee. But we're going to add we're just we'll finance this over the duration.

So that's where you can get the difference in terms of the like, it's $35 a month if you do six months, it's $30 a month if you do 12 months. And if you're doing just month to month, if you sign up today, I'll let you waive this fee, but you still got to pay three. Okay.

How does that feel? Complicated? Yeah.

Well, no, no, it's complicated. Because we had to go through everything. But let me let me let's clean it up.

Okay. We've got to be able to explain it to the sales guys. Yeah.

So the offer at the door is going to be 12 months. And what price are we going to charge at 12 months? For 12 months, being it is up front, up front.

So we're going to do 30. So that's me $360. Yep.

If they commit to six months, that's going to be at 35. Okay. So that's 210.

And I'd say we bill biannually, which I bill twice a year. And then three months. Did you do ACH?

We just incorporated that actually. Yeah. Okay.

Do you have a processing fee? Yeah, so we strive so it's like, do you don't charge the processing fee? No.

But we like I've gotten a bunch of people to switch over, I like offer them a gift card, a small gift card to switch over to ACH. But then we don't do a well tell you really a fancy one. So say that you charge the 3%.

So this is all these are plus processing. And then if they're like, I don't want to pay the processing fee. It's no worries.

If you want to give a second form of payment, we'll waive the processing fee. It's just because we have the processing fee just because if the card declines, we it just takes us work to go redeem it. And then you get your service interrupted and you have trash sitting around.

So it's honestly in everyone's best favor. It's like, honestly, no one ends up paying it. They just give us two forms.

Okay. Thanks. The so I did actually do that.

And when I got the the prices book that you gave at the workshop. Yeah. And so I kind of messed it up.

I did like two things. I did like an annual fee. Yeah.

And then I also mentioned Oh, yeah, we're also doing a credit card fee, which is really I was too much. Yeah, too many things. Yeah.

Yeah. But I did that. And just I was looking into how to add the processing fee.

And like, you have to like go to MasterCard and Visa and all that stuff. And is that true? Or like they're they're saying like, you have to legally go to these companies.

True. Matchy PT. Oh, I don't I don't even just charge 3% more.

Oh, we can just do okay. Okay. And just say this is our fee.

Okay. You can charge whatever fees you want. Check with your legal counsel.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Great. And then three right now. We'll keep it at.

We'll keep it at the three month rate, which is gonna be 35. Right. Which is 10.

Shit, what is that 30? 105. Right.

But we'll still waive the $49.50. Okay. This one wave is waves bin and fee.

I think right. So this gets the discount. So this gets you the discount and the bin and the fee.

So it's like what you like, how, why is it? So it's like the effective rate here is 30, 35. 35.

And then here it's also 35. But bin, how are we gonna, how are we gonna do the bin? How are we gonna work that out?

We're close. This is honestly the most important thing of today. Like, we know this, you go all in on door to door.

We can get there by the end of the year. Exactly. And you're set.

So I just want to like, make sure we know this. What else do you think? So with the bin, are you saying that they pay the full 116 upfront?

I would love that. Okay. But like for this one, I guess, because this is not waived with this with this offer.

Well, what if so if you didn't have the bin, right? What would their actual rate be? So what do you charge people who don't who provide their own?

Yeah, the bin is like a fuse if you, I mean, depreciating it over its use. No, not that appreciation. I mean, like, well, what?

Okay, fine. You do you appreciate it for what three years or so it is they have a 10 year warranty on them. So, so 10 years is we appreciate over.

So you paid it's like a dollar a month or something like that. A few cents. Yeah.

Yeah. How's it a few cents? Yeah, because over like 116 months.

So doing that wrong? Yeah, it'd be dollar. It'd be dollar.

Okay. Yeah, maybe we're doing that wrong. Well, 12 months times 10 is 120.

It's $116 bid. So it's 90 whatever cents per month. Yeah.

Okay. So it's a dollar. It's a buck.

They don't know that you do that though. No. So that's the thing.

So like, that's like, that's, that's one sided information. Don't we'll cut most of this thinking time out to figure it out. Yeah, but I want to, I think the magic is in this bid.

I actually think that that's, I think that's where the real leverage is. Okay. Which is something I've been wrestling with, because initially when we were doing it and we didn't have the competitor, we were like charging 99 for like, and they were like, okay, fine.

But then some people balk at it and I'd be like, okay, fine. We'll waive it. But most people would pay for it.

But now that it's really competitive, they're just like, I'm gonna go to this other guy who's giving me three months free 89. And I just have to pay for the quarter. So yeah.

So it's become a little bit more challenging in that sense. It doesn't mean we can't do it. Yeah.

But that had, that has been something I've done in the past. Um, I think most people were, I kind of played with 99 and then I went down to 50 and most people were like, they didn't really care about 50 as much, but then like when I did, because I like, so I like, I mean, you're currently charging nothing. Yeah.

So if we said, okay, upfront, we have a $49 bin fee, right? Yeah. You can buy the bin for 49 bucks.

We know that it doesn't matter. Right. We're just adding, adding money.

So they'd be like, that feels reasonable. Right. 49 bucks for the bin and it's $49 initiation.

I don't know. I'm just coming up with this. Okay.

It's $49 initiation. And then you have your first quarter, which is let's just use your old pricing 89. So that would get us to 190.

We still have commissions. Yeah. But this bin isn't a real cost because it's going to cover towards $42 for the quarter that we're, we're calling it the bin fee, but it's really covering our labor for the first quarter.

Right. Well, that's clever. Yeah.

And our initiation is actually our commission. I gotcha. Yeah.

And then our 89 is hopefully our margin. This feels okay. Do you think you can sell this?

I think, I think people will be really upset with the extra 49. The initiation. Yeah.

I think they understand the bin. Well, why don't we do this? Yeah.

Like we can eat basically, would you think they'd be more comfortable paying 99 bucks for the bin? And they own it? Yeah.

It's your bin. You keep it forever. Yeah.

Unless you cancel, of course, in which case we can take it back. Yeah. Yeah.

I mean, I think that I'm just like replaying anecdotal experiences. Yeah. I know.

And take your time. I'm just worried people would be like, yeah, that's a deal breaker for me. Like I, I won't pay that for, for the bin, even if I own it, I just don't want to have to provide it.

Yeah. But what percentage? You're right.

I think it'd only be like 25% or something. I just always remember the negative, right? Of course.

Yeah. The thing is, it's all the new sales guys coming in, aren't going to know anything. Right.

In terms of like, what status quo is this? You're like, here's the deal, guys. Like you're going to get paid 50 bucks on each one of these.

And you gotta, you gotta collect two things. You gotta sell them, Ben. They gotta pay their first quarter.

That seems pretty straightforward. And we can waive the initiation fee. Yeah.

And we still do the three months free with this or no? Yeah. I think you can still do the three months, the three months free.

Okay. I don't hate that. And dude, just to clarify for myself.

So the bin, it's actually theirs now. So they're actually paying for it. Well, it's 116, right?

Yeah. Yeah. So why not?

Now, if they, if they cancel before their term, then take the bin back, right? Which gives you another piece of collateral. Yeah.

Okay. So all in you lose 16 bucks on the bin, who cares? Oh yeah.

Yeah, exactly. So I think, I think if you go, you sell them the bin, you have this, um, you have the first three months, right? First quarter.

And we're, we're in good shape with that. And this factors, and then you have, you give them one free month, the next, each of the next quarters. Yeah.

And then that means that you're charging them, what 60 on Q2, Q3, Q4. Exactly. 59 and some change.

Got it. And so how do we handle situations where they were like, I'm not going to buy your bin? So you can provide your own.

Okay. And so we just wouldn't accept them as a customer. Yeah.

I mean, you can provide your own if you want. Yeah. Okay.

You could, if you wanted to say, if you're not willing to do that, we'll finance it over three years, but we ended up charging you 150. I like that. Yeah.

I really like that. Because then it gives you a three-year term. Yep.

Okay. And then with the three-year term budgeted in like, I don't know, add in like a, I don't know, four percent price increase here. Okay.

I think that's it feels doable. Yeah. I still want to get this anchor though, because we still want to go because some houses are like fine.

Just if I could build me once I don't know exactly. Yeah. Yeah.

And so it's like start at 360. It's like, yes, for the year. Okay.

So we're getting close. We're going to do it. We're going to do a cleaner, a cleaner next version of this.

All right. So, all right. I want to think through it real quick.

So this is the core offer, right? We'll clean this up, but it's like 99 bucks for the bin 89 for the first quarter. You still get your three months free.

Cool. That's fine. I still want to start higher because even if we get 20% of people to take, which we totally will, I'm telling you we're going to, that would be really big for the business because if we can get this on the core offer and then we can add 80 to the average door, then that takes this.

So this is 190 at 80. We're at two, we're 270. Right.

Average cash collected per sale. You're good. Yeah.

You're home free. Sexy, right? It's way better than right now.

Yeah. It's way better than right now. That is way better than right now.

That's this, that's, that's facts. FAA, you know, it's facts, no printer. Okay.

Okay. Okay. So here's, here's where this gets sexy.

Okay. I got it. Okay.

So, all right. Okay. I think this is coming together.

This is coming together. If someone, if someone paid 360 upfront, would you give them the, the bin for free? I think I do that.

Yeah. Okay. Okay.

Boom. I think we're just going to have two offers. Okay.

Keep it super simple. We're going to have 12 months and with 12 months, they're going to be at $30. Right.

And they're going to pay 360 in total, but free $99 bid. So they don't have to, they don't have to pay that. Right.

Okay. Great. And then the core offer is going to be three months at 30, but they have to pay for the $99 bid and three months up front.

So all in, they're looking at 180, one night, whatever, 189. So now look at that AB offer. Yeah.

So would you rather pay 360 pay for the year? I'll give you the bin. It's on me or 189.

You just pay the first quarter, but you just got to pay the bin. Right. Right.

Yeah. I like that. Now we just got to hustle.

Yeah. The nice thing is that this keeps it super simple. The billable is the same.

All we're debating is who gets the free bin and who doesn't you get the free bin when you commit for the year. Cause listen, it costs me money to do this, but if you commit for that period of time, I'll throw it in. Right.

Like it actually costs us 116. So like, I'll be like, we, we actually lose a little bit of money on these beds. Okay.

Yeah. But if you're coming to us, we'll commit to you. Yeah, exactly.

And then our breakdown is let's say now let's look at the math. So let's say 80% take our $189 offer. And then 20% take our 360 offer equals $72.

And this equals services. Michael, Jamie, Jamie. Okay.

Well, it's 19.2 is $270. This is $27 off this, which is 162. So we add this together.

Average per door. And we need it to await. Yeah.

And then you're home free. Doable. Yeah.

I just never thought about it that way. You still get three. You still get three.

Like the offers are banging. Yeah. It's like you get three, like the offer is great because you're given three months for either way.

Yeah. So I would, and that way I think you've got this great feel, right? You say, listen, we're gonna give you three months for either, right?

Just because you're switching to us. So we're happy to do that. But if you're willing to commit to a whole year, give you the bit.

Right. If you don't want that, no worries. You can set up.

Yeah. Yeah. What are you gonna do?

What are you gonna do with all this money? Yeah. I don't know.

All right. So that's, that's the, that's the play. That's the play.

Okay. And for, for our folks at home, the reason that that was so important is that we needed to get above $208 because he had a $50 commission that he has to pay. And we knew we had $42 of labor.

And we know that he had these bins that he's been basically fronting the cost for, for customers. Now, to be clear, as of right now, what was the other cost though? There was something else.

There's labor, there's commission, and there's something else. No, I think it was just the bins. Oh, so I'm just being greedy.

That works. Okay. So then we got, yeah, yeah.

Well, I like to have, I like to grow businesses debt free if I can. Me too. Because I just think there's, there's always a way if you just think about it hard enough.

And so the bins, which right now he's been financing over 10 years for $116. But when we add all these things together, we get to 208. And so in a perfectly debt-free cashflow positive way of growing the business, we have to get on average over $208 to, to break even upfront and have really high, really strong cashflow for the business, which has been the biggest constraint for you.

So getting above that is the objective. And so what we did was we solve for it by having an anchor on the top that we know 20% of people are going to take. And that contributes an extra $72 a door, where the core offer is going to be 190, which already solves this.

Cool. So that's for everyone back home. Okay.

Now let's go back to our, our handy dandy. This is fun. It's a lot of fun.

Okay. So we have our, our new offer, our 360 for 12 or 12 at 360. And then we have our three, one 89 money.

And if you really get wild with that and you're like, you know what, I don't need all the extra cash. So you can pay the guys a hundred bucks a day, a hundred bucks a deal. And they'll be willing to sell more.

If you're like, you know what, I don't need all the cat. Like I'd rather just get more aggressive on the spend. Yeah.

You can get way better guys. If the guys can make, I'll tell you the difference in salesman that you can get at $500 a day, $15,000 a month, almost $200,000 a year, like a different, an order of magnitude, better salesperson. And the thing is, those guys might be doing like, and that order of magnitude better salesperson might do 10 deals a day.

Yeah. Because the guys who really do door to door, they run between doors really a hundred percent. Okay.

Cause they know it's a numbers game. Yeah. They're like for every 12 doors are not gone.

I'm going to get a sale. So if I run, I mean, that's why the UPS guys, like the guys who, who are, who are commissioned and are really understand the game, they sprint back and forth because you can cover four times the doors just by walking fast. They cut across the lawn.

They don't go on the, on the sidewalk. Like they're moving. Okay.

So we're going scatter. We're going door to door is our channel. We have our offer, our 12, our AB offer, which is great.

The extra guys get the bin. Awesome. And now we don't even have to have a financing partner.

Yeah. And if you want, you can and just collect the cash. The, the next thing is let's talk about sales process on how we're going to teach these guys.

Okay. Okay. How do you teach your guys right now?

And what's the sales process? Pretty relaxed. I mean, he's the first guy I've done.

So I just, I just take them door to door, show them how I do it. And I generally tell him, he just was next to you. Pardon me.

He's right next to you. Yes, exactly. Okay.

Yeah. And then I'll do that for a few times, show them how it works, show them how to get a few sales. And then I watch him do it and let him just kind of go at it and then chime in if I need to.

And then eventually just kind of like give him critiques wherever I see. How many doors can you knock a day? I think, I think easy, like 150.

Okay. If you're out there for eight hours. Yeah.

So 150 doors, if he's closing, I mean, if he gets to what you're doing, one out of 12. Yeah. Right.

Then he's closing more than 10 deals a day, which is chill, even at 50. That's what I hear on average, like, conservatively, you can get 10. Yeah.

But most guys get 15. Yeah. Yeah.

So the nice thing with your business is that you're going to be in person with them. And so you, you, there's basically two primary ways that people learn. One is modeling and the other is basically doing it.

So children learn through modeling. They watch you do something and then they learn it. Right.

Alternatively, you take up a notch when you give feedback. And so doing role plays, like in very real time with them is going to be the fastest way to speed up the loop. Okay.

So it's literally just like have the door at your facility or whatever. Like, I mean, you want to, you really want them to get them in the, like in the mechanics of, I say this as the door opens, like it will, it will teach them, like, don't just stand next to them. Like close the door, open the door, close the door, open the door, close the door, open the door, until they just nail it every time.

Cause you know, the first five seconds of them opening the door is like, that's the only shot you really have. And they're making their split second decision. And so it's like, you have to drill the opener super hard so they could just say it in their sleep.

And they say it the right way every time, but they should absolutely be following a script. And for this type of sale, this script, I mean, how long does it take you to do a sale for these? Two minutes.

Yeah. Right. So they're not super hard sales.

Yeah. And so the sales script is going to be like four questions. It's not a lot.

Yeah. Right. And so it's just like, cool.

Here's our door. Here's our knock. Here's our open.

And then question one, question two, close question overcomes. Like that's it. And so I just drill, honestly, the drilling through four questions, not going to be tough.

Then you're just going to do traditional sales training where you're just going to be like, I have to think about it. I'm not sure I have to check with my spouse. Like, oh, I don't have the card that I want on me.

Yeah. And when you're, when you're collecting, do you have a lot of people, do you have any people who are like, oh, I don't have the card that I want to use on me. Okay.

So we actually don't collect money at the door. Why? We have a contract that we signed.

Okay. I heard that it was a, I don't know. I just heard that it was a, you have to have certain permits to collect money at the door.

So then I don't have that permit yet. But they put a credit card number down, right? No.

Okay. We're still get, but what percentage of people who sign contracts don't end up giving you the card? None of them really.

They are. If we haven't, I mean, we haven't done the volume we're talking about right now. Yeah.

So I'm sure there would be a ton of people. Okay. So you then call them back later.

I sent them an invoice and then if they don't complete it, I'll follow up and everyone pays. Yeah. What are we doing?

Like we should be selling, we should be selling trash. What are we doing? Well, they need it.

Yeah. I mean, yeah. Well, if it's not a constraint, then I'm not going to mess with it.

But I do think you probably tighten the sales process in terms of the training. Yeah. That's absurd.

What you just said. I don't know in terms of compliance for that. So check with an attorney, but I'm, I'm pretty sure you can just ask someone to buy something.

Okay. I'm like pretty feel confident. Yeah.

But, but, but, you know, it hasn't been an issue. And so if you really do collect a hundred percent, it's certainly a less friction, a lower friction sale, but a contract without a payment closet means nothing. So yeah, the fact that you're getting it is great.

The fact that you're getting is great. Okay. Let's pull up the ads in the funnel real quick.

Okay. So yeah, just go, just go fall. So ads, sorry.

Okay. So I think, I think this is fine. I read the copy.

I think it, it, it checks the boxes in terms of a normal offer. The video ad that I saw that was your best performer was unsurprising to me that it was the best performer. Bottom link.

There you go. If you're a homeowner in Centerville, Chantilly, Clifton, or Fairfax, and you want to save hundreds on your trash collection this year, this is for you. My name is Phillip and I'm the owner of Garvey Esposal Services.

We're a local family owned and operated business in the Centerville area. And we're here to help take care of your trash. So if you're tired of things like increasing bills every year, crazy prices, unreliable pickups, and we might be the ones for you to help give you some more consistency, ease of mind and stress-free trash collection.

If that sounds good to you, click the link down below so we can give you a quote for trash collection in your area. So you can start saving money and stop worrying about your trash collection. It's so cringe.

No, it's your highest performing ad. The thing is, it seemed authentic. Yeah.

Oh yeah. Right. And it also hit the core pieces is like, this is for so-and-so.

I do think you introduced yourself first rather than talking about them, but like you can, you can, I would probably make it offer driven first pain, pain, pain of like, Hey, what you said at the end, like, Hey, if you're tired of X, Y, and Z, blah, blah, blah, I'm so-and-so. Okay. Because it's like leading more with the things that they're interested in.

And so basically I would just flip the script on that. And then I would record 10 different versions of that with you in different shirts in different backgrounds with the truck, with a bin behind you, with a neighbor behind you. Like I would just do as many variations of that.

If I was going to do a paid ads, but we're not going to do that because we're doing door to door. So you want me to just cut it off completely? I just don't think you need it.

I think all of your attention should go to, I need to get 10 guys that are commissioned only that are going to sell this offer. And just only focus on that. Yeah.

Yeah. That's it. I mean, like if we only have one thing to be true in order for this business to be profitable, then let's just pick that and then just put all of our effort on that one thing.

Right. I mean, fundamentally it's the idea of leverage. Yeah.

It's like, find the one thing that gives you the greatest output. It also has no risk on cashflow for you. Because they're commissioned only.

Yeah. The perfect solution doesn't mix. Except when it does.

That was it. AV offer 12 month, three month, 20% take the 12, 80% take the main. We're cashflow positive on both.

You don't even need to go into debt for the, the bins. You get 10 guys closing five deals a day. It's 50 deals a day.

Yeah. That's it. Yeah.

And then, and it's way, way easier to close in solar. You can probably get some of those guys. They're just tired.

It's like, dude, you're like, it's, it's such a, such a better life to, to just know you're going to close deals every day. Yeah. Rather than be like knocking doors for five days and closing one or two.

Yeah. Like it's a much more, you know, energizing way to live. Yeah, no, for sure.

I think my next constraint would be then getting the sales guys. Yeah. Let's talk about that.

Yeah. So right now, so I would say if like you can handle more volume, right? Do you don't have to really change anything by your infrastructure to handle the volume that you would be getting from these sales guys?

I think after a certain point, we wouldn't need to get another truck. Well, we could temporarily deal with that. Yeah.

So to get to your 3000, whatever it was number, how much can you take? If you were full capacity, how many customers can you can you handle? I think we could do 3,500.

Okay. Yeah. I mean, like 3,500.

We had 1000 more customers to sell. Yeah. So you're gonna sell.

I mean, in six months, let's call it five months. That's 200 customers at seven customers a day. I mean, you're, you get a second guy, you'll be doing that.

Right. In six months. Could be me.

Yeah. Could be you. Yeah.

All right. So yeah, it's gonna be an issue. Because I mean, do you have the cash to get by another truck?

I think I could figure out a way to get one. All right. Yeah.

So the way to do it is I think that you could be given the nature of this job, I would be looking at running like indeed ads slash Craigslist. Yeah, that would just probably be the easiest thing for you to do. And then you just need to work these like it's a lead funnel.

Right. And so like, if you're not getting people, so it'd be like, like, you have to think about this like as a true ad. So a lot of people will try to like ward people off.

It's like, dude, it's an ad. It's the same thing. It's like you're gonna run an ad, you have to have a headline.

It has to be appealing. The cop the body copy has to be interesting, which is like, hey, you can work four hours or eight hours a day, the guys who work eight hours make this the guys who are four hours do this, instead of the other alternatives you have of like, you have to be able to ask four questions to somebody at the door, like break it down to what they're gonna have to do. Yeah.

It's like, if you can memorize four questions, then you could be able to make a six figure or multi six figure per year income, as long as you're willing to be in the street, but then I do damaging admission, it's like, hey, sometimes it's gonna be hot. Sometimes it's gonna be cold. That's the trade.

But if you're somebody who's like, just barely graduated high school, we don't care about your grades. We care about your work ethic. Yeah.

Like I think that would attract plenty of people. Yeah. And so it's just add indeed, and those ones already have kind of like applicant funnels that are built into it.

And so basically, if we're turning off all these extra things that you're spending all this like fragmented time on, this is all you do. Yeah, you go get salespeople. Yeah.

And honestly, all you need, you need like two guys just to get this going. Yeah. That's it.

That makes a lot of sense. Baby offer to you guys for questions. That's it.

Let's go. Yeah, I've been doing indeed ads. And but I haven't been structuring it like that.

No, yeah, exactly. It's been more just like the traditional, like corporate. Yeah.

But the thing is, you think about who's responding to this? Yeah, write it to that to the salesman, right? Because that's who you're trying to attract, right?

Like, what are all the things that either hate about your current job, or you hate about your current sales job? Both those are the pains? What are the what's the promise?

You can make six figures, you know, a year or more. And you can work four or eight hours a day, I'll take you on either. So some guys will work, you know, seven to noon or seven to 11.

And then they go to their other job by noon, and they work, you know, 12 days because they're providing for family. So this is a great opportunity for you. I'm going to work on that immediately.

Yeah. All right. So I'll give you the truth about this.

So for a job where someone's coming in commission only, my bar is relatively low, because I'd rather give more people the opportunity to take a shot and like prove that they have work ethic rather than they have the skill of interviewing, which is a different skill. I basically would just screen for crazies. No, I'm serious.

I just screen for crazies. And because if you're going to do this, you're probably gonna get a lot of applications. Definitely don't do one on one interviews, you're gonna be doing group calls.

Okay, so a bunch of people on two minutes, tell me who you are two minutes, two minutes, two minutes, whatever. And then invite the ones who seem normal to your, you know, your warehouse or whatever, meet them in person, give job offers on the spot, tell them when they can start. Okay.

I just don't think you have to overcomplicate this. And so it's like, cool, what we're gonna do is we're gonna do shadow for a week. And then we're gonna break you off in twos.

And then that's it, like, you're good to go. And the thing is serious, like, if you wanted to like, this is this is me talking about how to aggressively scale sales, like you need like two guys. Yeah.

So like, yeah, get on a group call, talk to a bunch of them, the guy who seems cool and normal and hardworking, invite two or three of those guys out because a bunch of them aren't gonna aren't gonna last, right? Because it is door to door and there are there are some risks there. And so like, maybe it's higher five to get one.

Okay, just lower the bar like you're not looking for somebody to cure cancer here, you need someone has four questions and build a funnel for. Yeah, definitely. Because I mean, like I said, me, I'm not like the best salesman in the world, but I can go up there and sell.

Sure. But you do think it is you seem trustworthy. You think so?

Yeah. Okay. So good.

And you're also the business owner. So it's like that I think that's the best you start car. Yeah.

So with them, though, I think what the one thing that I'm looking for is hunger. Yeah. And so I think that'll typically skew to either young single guys who are just like really hungry and like go getters, or people who just are about to have like a kid on the way like you are, you're more hungry now than you probably were.

Right? Because you're like, because you have to be Yes. It's like, you know why married married men with kids make more money than guys who are single without being married and don't have kids?

Because they have to? Yeah, that's why they make more money. Yeah.

I mean, yeah. So they literally choose to make more money because they have no other choice. Yeah, that's definitely how I feel.

Yeah, right. And so you're doing it. So basically, like I just look for someone's circumstances of like, why do they need this?

If someone's like hungry, then I'm especially in a job like this, this is so work ethic driven, they're not gonna run out of houses. Yeah, for sure. Right?

So would you say I should just not do any more door to door and just train the guys? Well, I think you mean, you're gonna be doing door to door. Okay, in the training.

Okay, yeah. So your sales isn't gonna go down. You're gonna have more people so you can duplicate it.

Right? Okay. Makes sense.

Two words and stone. Yep. Basically, as far as I'm concerned, I want you to keep doing door to door.

Because if you've got your guy and you've got you, you guys start doing 10 10 deals a day, just YouTube, you're at 300 a month, you need in three months, you're at your 1000. Forget everything else. In three months, you're 1000.

Yeah, right. But as far as you're concerned, I don't think you should ever do something alone. Okay.

So you have the skill set, you should have somebody always watching you. So that you're basically you're getting you're getting two birds on something, right? You're getting you're double dipping on effort.

Yeah. So someone's always with you, because you're the lead salesperson. And they're learning until eventually somebody else is the best salesperson.

You pass out, you know, you step back Homer Simpson style into the bushes. And then they they slide up and then they become lead trainer. And if you want to say, Hey, I'll give you 60 bucks a sale instead of 50 because it's a little hard to have somebody else with you.

Right? Makes a lot of sense. Easy.

Yeah. Cool. I feel like this is it.

So let's do a quick recap here. Yeah, let's do a quick recap and we'll prioritize it. But it's gonna be an easy list.

Simple, not easy. How about that? Yeah.

All right. All right. So make it blue for you, Michael.

All right. I know Michael really wanted the blue. He's like, Oh, so the first thing we're going to do is we made the decision to go scatter as our avatar.

All right. So that's decision number one, which we just did instantly. But there we go.

Number two is we switched our offer. So we have now an AB offer for offer for three months free. And so offer a is going to be one 89 and then 60 per month after that.

And then offer B is 360 free. That's our deal. Yep.

Three. And D dads, I'd also hit up your network. You only need a couple, right?

Indeed dads into group call. Or you can just honestly invite them all in person if you want. But sometimes people are really crazy.

So the two minute, you know, call in person and then tag along and role playing until your eyes bleed. And the nice thing is that basically document, demonstrate, duplicate is the process that we use. And so like the document is like you have the script, they memorize it while you're walking between doors.

You're just like you're role playing it back and forth. What do you say? What do you say?

What do you say? Yeah. Demonstrate you do it in front of them.

Hey, watch me follow the script. Watch me close deals. Now duplicate you knock.

I'll be here. I'll ride shotgun and I'll watch you do it so you can give immediate feedback. Okay.

That's it. And then in terms of I mean, shit, what like, what's that? What's the outcome of this?

The outcome of all of this is that you are cash flow positive and babies have food. Speaker 2 smiley face. Yeah.

Speaker 2 Yeah. Feel better. And does this feel clear?

It does. Yeah. That's it.

Yeah. Give me instructions and I'll go. That's it.

It's all you have to do. And the nice thing is one and two is instant. Yeah.

You literally just have to do this. Right. Go hire five more sales guys.

Speaker 2 I think this is the this is the play. Yeah. I think so too.

Doesn't this feel like like the noise in the world like quiet. I think I was doing way too much. Of course you're doing way too much.

I think I was like you two different avatars and five different acquisition process. Yeah. Yeah.

Speaker 2 Speaker 2 When there's just one that if we just did this well. Yeah. We can solve the cash flow issue.

Speaker 2 And we can hit your hit your extra thousand next like 90 days. Yeah. It's a quarter.

It's nothing. Mm-hmm. Speaker 2 Feel good?

Thank you. Appreciate it. Speaker 2 That's what we need to get through it.

Yeah. Speaker 2 So Philip, I'm rooting for you. If you enjoyed this and you want to see a different business that went from negative to positive in one conversation, check out this conversation with Alexi Omar.

He's a legal person who does legal things for musicians so that they can get contracts and incorporated and whatever musicians do to make money.