Success isn't fun. It's hard. Effort always goes that nervous.

Get used to it. You're good. You never bother us.

Let us. Let us get it. So there's this myth that probably happens with this influencer status of like we own businesses and businesses grow.

And like the last three months of revenue have been like. Yeah. So if you look at this here.

So what's been trending down as bogey. Okay. Jesus.

Yeah. TLDR. Obviously.

Yeah. It was just down 60% of what it was. Yeah.

But the thing about growth is that the closer you zoom into it, the more jagged it looks and the more jagged it feels. You can feel the knife's edge of the up and the down and the up and the down every single day. In this vlog, you're going to see me hop on a lot of calls.

And that's because that's what a lot of running our businesses is to Layla and I. Nice to meet you. Nice to meet you too.

I mean, you just you sprint from air conditioning to air conditioning. Hey, what's happening? Just corrosion it over here.

You know how it is. Hello. You have two doors in your room.

It looks different. It's clean now. Oh, wow.

What's up, man? How's it going? Good.

Congratulations on being you. Oh, man. Congrats on being you.

I don't know how a poor kid from Baltimore ends up in Vegas. All right, guys. I'm going to go ahead and share my screen.

Because of the proliferation of social media, entrepreneurship appears to be the things that look nice. So it's the private jets. It's the cars.

It's the watches. It's the money. But the thing is, is that all of those are outputs from business that people use for personal gain that then look attractive.

But the actual doing this every day of entrepreneurship is predominantly communication. It's talking to other leaders, other employees, teammates, vendors, customers. And when you look at it on a real day-to-day of what that looks like, it's a lot of meetings.

It's a lot of calls. It's a lot of Zooms. And those don't look good on Instagram.

I heard you talk about paying for knowledge or their expertise. Yeah. At a certain point, you actually stop being able to pay for expertise.

Because when you start talking to people who have a shitload of money, too, there's basically more valuable things than money to trade. That's where influence, connections, introductions, deals, things like that become a more valuable thing to discuss. There's free communities.

There's paid communities. There are benefits to both. You know, paid communities, sometimes the price tag is the gate to give you some level of qualifier, you know, legitimacy.

Like, I mean, even like you join a golf club where it's $100,000 a year to keep playing, you're going to meet a caliber of people that don't care about spending $100,000 a year. Like, it's a very different type of person. Have you just changed the five meals that you eat?

Because like, everyone thinks that they give up variety when they go on a diet. They're like, I can't just stick to this. But people eat the same five to seven meals.

Yeah, so I put 20 pounds back on. And so there's a key point there is I put it back on. It wasn't like the first time I've been this way before.

After the book launch. And that was because actually going into the book launch, it was the longest period, I think that I didn't work out. I didn't work out for like six weeks.

Most people eat the same five to seven meals. And so they think that like changing their diet is gonna have to be this massive thing. But you really just need to find five to seven meals that you like because you currently already like five to seven meals.

And that's what you already eat. And so you have to swap those for other stuff. If you just do that, you're 80 90% of the way there.

The older you get, the fewer friends you tend to have. And that's not because you're less social. It's because you have higher standards.

Even then, man, even like my homiest of homies, you can still like you just slowly stretch out communication and eventually just it just fizzles. Like it's hard. You have to maintain relationships.

So you just don't put the effort in to maintain it. And then they usually just end. Like if you're not in close proximity, that's the thing is like most people's friendships are out of convenience.

They're not out of design. And so they're just friends with people who were like lived across the hall from them. But what is the chance that like the person who lives across the hall from them is actually gonna be a perfect fit for the type of person you want to be with for a long time?

Probably not. And so I think people let friends happen by accident rather than on purpose. What would you consider like a unicorn of a best friend?

Like what traits would that? They truly root for you and they make you better in multiple arenas, which is basically like they are competent in ways that you are not. They have aligned interests with you and ideally their values align with yours.

That's another one. It's just very hard to do. And so we're going over a pricing issue for a software about to roll out one of our larger portfolio companies.

And I think that one of the emphasis they did made the product not have a tenable pricing structure. So we were able to catch it before they rolled it out, which would have literally cost millions of dollars so we avoided that so great we got chops chop always smells good though you notice that it's always fun yeah go for it yeah i'm gonna get i'm gonna get a little trim little chop i met layla and i had short hair and she said i think you look good with long hair and i said okay and then i didn't cut it and so that was when my hair went from shorter to longer and it's pretty much just stayed there if you're an ugly guy you might want to consider growing a beard because it leaves half of your face to imagination so i had this the when we had gym launch uh this is right when we transitioned we right started making money and so remember we i had just been like looking at bankruptcy lawyers like a couple months earlier and so we have a meetup of 28 gym owners they come to albuquerque new mexico and i'm like super nervous because i'm afraid that they're just gonna like think i suck or whatever right so the night before you know i was like trying to look nice and so i had scruff and so i for all the guys who know this like you start shaving down and just like getting yourself in like different hair you're like all right i'm gonna do the wolverine and then i'm gonna do mutton chops like you work your way down and so the last thing that i left was this this big gunslinger mustache so like a big handlebar mustache and so i like looked out of the bathroom at layla i was like hey um and she was like you look ridiculous and so i looked back in the mirror and i was like i think it's perfect and so uh uh that actually makes me sound cooler than i than i was what really happened is i when i looked in the mirror i was like well at least i won't take myself too seriously and so i figured that was that would like kind of get because i was so nervous going into it that i wanted to have some sort of comic relief for myself as like a visual reminder so i looked in the mirror i think everybody's got fuel it's just not necessarily the one that is sexy so a lot of the guys out there are like find your passion find your purpose but i think for most people their purpose is like pay rent and not be broke and so like if that's what you got then that's what you use growth is painful because you become aware of your deficiencies reality shows you point blank all of the areas you're weak in and so when you've adjusted to something you've kind of filled the gaps you filled the holes between where you are and what is required for that current season but when you go into a new season or you go to a new level and you battle a new boss all of a sudden this guy has a whole host of different skills that you've never seen before and you just get your ass beat over and over and over again and those ass beatings hurt i mean everybody has lots of things they hate like right now if i would ask you what are 10 things that you hate about your life it's probably you can come up with them pretty fast but if i ask you 10 things you're grateful for it takes a lot longer and so it's like rather than try and get people to be different than who they are it's like find the 10 things you hate the most about your life and use that the reason use those as the reasons to to start working because i mean like whatever you're going to do is going to suck it's just whether it sucks less than what your current existence is and for me i had a lot of stuff that sucked because i just wanted to change it's a nice backpack bro where's the vice um so the big thing that the internet doesn't understand is that like leila operates acquisitions.com she's the operator she does everything she's ceo she actually is involved for the most part in the day-to-day of the business um i mean obviously i'll say hi to people you know around the office and whatnot any shenanigans going on in here what was i going to ask you oh i was going to let you know um i brought the other half of the chair in oh awesome yeah i brought her here so it's right there where's tobes sola across the pond that is how we have found leila and i work best together is i work on like big meaty projects for extended periods of time that are huge rocks that move things forward and then leila just like basically through force of will just keeps everyone on board everyone aligned and continues to hire and train and and scale the business and that's what she's exceptional at i mean that's why we're able to build companies with such enterprise value so quickly is that she just understands building infrastructure behind things yeah i don't want to lose any mask going down those stairs yeah my dad told me he said he doesn't do cardio because he wants to save his heartbeats he's like he's a doctor he's kidding he was joking that was a joke hangin um i'm gonna do this thumbnail and then i'll be outie where are we headed we're going to uh iced coffee hour with graham stefan and jack selby we're going to talk about iced coffee for hours no i don't actually i don't know what they want i don't know what they want to talk about because i've been on a couple times so i was like i hope i have something new to say so we'll find out because the thing is is that everyone is waiting for this like one home run that's going to like change everything and that basically never happens because it's all a game of incremental improvement it's about small one percent improvements that add up over time and while you're making the improvements it never feels big it only feels big in retrospect and it looks like an overnight success from the outside because whoever sees the overnight success is never the person who experienced the overnight success because no one who actually is an overnight success would describe it as overnight because they always say you guys don't see the 10 years that it took me to get here i mean everyone wants recurring revenue but no one wants recurring work and so it's this idea that everyone wants to just like get get get forever but no one wants to do do do forever and one doesn't come without the other and oftentimes it's more like recurring work with zero recurring revenue for a very long period of time before you get your first far less amount of revenue relative to the amount of recurring work you do i mean think about it until you win effort always goes unnoticed get used to it with whatever business you're getting into the more difficult it is to get into the fewer entrants there will be so the less competition you will have to compete against with the more barriers you have i'm always amazed at the amount of people who are like man this is hard and they somehow say that like it's a bad thing if it's hard good it means no one else will do it more for you like the heart the the level of difficulty that you have to go through in order to get whatever you want is literally the barrier that everyone else has to go through in order to achieve it too and so the bigger the goal that you have the bigger the obstacles that you have to get over which is why so few people will get it which is what makes it worthwhile to begin with if it were obviously easy then everyone would do it and then it wouldn't be a goal because everyone would have it and right now it's not a big goal for people to breathe because everyone can breathe it's not a big goal for you to put your shoes on in the morning because everyone can do that and so therefore it loses its value what makes you exceptional is what you can do that other people can't do which means stomaching the harder thing is the thing that makes you the exception graham there we go oh that's the uh mailbox oh it's like where's the doorbell we're getting the doorbell move next week what's up man i'm sweating a little bit how's it going man alok yeah nice to meet you pleasure pleasure yeah you guys would make an amazing podcast together i have to say yeah this would be a crazy conversation oh sweet super cool yeah but he's leaving right now for san francisco oh fun okay cool they were on the mind that you thought the therapy wasn't very effective i'm a psychiatrist yeah cool and i was explaining to them that if you believe that therapy wasn't very effective yeah you may be surprised because i'm inclined to agree okay well there you go then maybe we agree yeah i thought there would be a fun debate oh yeah sure oh it was four it was a gift from you no no what is one hour of your time worth uh i don't know i would probably wouldn't do anything for less than 50 grand 50 grand let's just say for if someone wants your advice 50 grand an hour this if this podcast is two hours long yeah whoever's watching this is theoretically getting a hundred thousand dollars of value just by listening to this so i just want to preface it by saying stick around for the episode you're getting a lot of value from this wow that's fantastic yep to the point that you may say like why not make 50 million um i think that i want my brand to stand for something more than that and so i made it the mission to make real business education accessible for everyone and that is what i have been i have not wavered from them since i started doing this and i have two aspects of that one is like the distribution of how do i get this to everybody and how to make it accessible and that has multiple levels to it which is one is like is it easy to understand but also like is it fun and entertaining and i'm getting better at that i think i'm i'm better at the easy to understand part i'm still working on how do i make this more entertaining so that like a stay-at-home mom will actually click and maybe get interested in something like this and maybe recommend her son or her daughter to like watch something like that i'm not there yet like but that's like in order for me to get that level of accessibility like i need to get better but on the flip side the context that the content is consumed within is basically my background so like at the very beginning you're like hey just for everybody who doesn't know here's this guy right if i had said hey i make a hundred thousand dollars a year um listen to me i don't i mean i think fewer people would listen to me i mean maybe some would but like far fewer would listen to me as a quote authority on on making money in general you can't have both growth and comfort one is the price of the other and so like if you're really comfortable it's probably an indication that you're plateaued that you're in the same space which then means that you have to voluntarily go into pain in order to come out the other side better stronger faster