So if this part is coming out after the event, then let me tell you some stuff. So, $100 million as a title, I thought would be perfectly demonstrated by having a launch of $100 million, which no one has ever done before. But you can't just do that from scratch.

It's like you have to build a lot of things. And so then it started with, okay, so I have to build this brand, I have to put this content together, so I started doing that. And then you have to, like, Harry Potter 7 is bigger than Harry Potter 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, I think in 6 maybe, or not, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 I think, in aggregate first day sales.

Just crazy. And so the only way that happens is if you continue to over-deliver on the promises you make. And so I had to write not one but multiple good books to continue to give those books surface area, or rather to put those books out there so that they would be the surface area that people could come in contact with my brand.

It's people who, like, line up for the book release on Harry Potter. Yeah, 100%. And so the most elegant thing I can think of is the third book in the series called $100 Million Money Models, the one that's about making money, making the $100 million, to demonstrate that anyone can do it if they have the skills and they have the patience.

And so that's what would be really elegant. I hope it would be. I will say.

But, like, that's, um, that would be super elegant. How many books would that be? 100?

It would be, like, 3.3 million books. Which would be the third biggest book of, third or fourth biggest book of all time? Of all time.

Below the non-fiction record. Yeah, double the non-fiction record. Double the non-fiction record.

More than double the non-fiction. Yeah. Because, because...

We would, we would, uh, we would unseat two Harry Potter books. Right. Because what, 7, 7 million is the top?

Oh, no. 16 million? No, the top one is 14 and a half million.

14 and a half million. She's in another planet. It's the seventh, it's the seventh book.

Yeah. Wow. Deathly Hallows.

Yeah. She's the goat. Yeah.

She's the goat. She's the goat. She's on, she's in the stratosphere.

Yeah. World building. Yeah, no, 100%.

Yeah. It's, like, you're, like, business world building? Oh, totally.

100%. It's the Moseyverse. You know, whatever.

Like, that sounds so, so sketchy. I regret saying that. But, point is...

She's in the Moseyverse. She's getting characters in the Moseyverse. Layla's like, I don't give a f*** about this.

She's like, he wrote a book. Who cares? Yeah.

You don't ask me anything. Well, what do you think about the book launch? Sorry, can I give you this?

Thank you. Yeah, Layla's been a sport. What do you think about the next book?

I think it's really good. You think it's better than the other two? I think it's...

much more similar to Offers, but more applicable, because... Yeah. Offers is, like, you have to create something out of nothing, whereas this one, I think...

you can have something and apply it or not have something and apply it, so it makes it easier to apply. I agree. Yeah.

What do you think about the launch? I don't know. I'm not as old as one.

I think it's a good idea. I think what's more interesting is hearing what it's like to prepare for a launch that you know that many people are watching you. I think that's more fascinating than hearing about the book itself.

It should. Do you think you can share some of that? I don't even think people would believe it.

What? The amount that I've put into this launch. I feel like you should talk about it, because I think it's not conceivable, for one.

And I think explaining to people, like, what is it... What goes on inside your head? Like, what happens on a daily basis?

Like, what are the sacrifices you have to make? How does it take a toll on you? Does it not take a toll on you?

Like, that's actually what I find very interesting. Yeah, so... Fortunately, unfortunately, the way that my brain works is I'm an objectivist, and so...

I think, okay, how much would I prepare for a 5,000-person stage? I would prepare like crazy, you know, for a stage like that. And I think that we'll probably have some in the neighborhood of 300,000 to 500,000 people who are there alive, and so it would be an order of magnitude or multiple orders of magnitude larger than that, and so it would make sense.

It would follow that I should do 100 times the preparation. But if I would prepare a week or more for a 5,000-person stage, then it would mean that I would prepare 100 weeks or more, which is about as much as I've prepared for this event. And so a lot of, I think what people don't know is that every single word that you have read or consumed anywhere in relation to the launch, really in general, but in relation to this launch, I wrote.

I wrote the Money Models book. I wrote the audiobook that was a gift for the affiliates who refer 10 people or more, which is a whole separate book. If this is coming out after the event, I wrote the secret book, which is another book that has 24 chapters in it.

I have the Money Models book that I wrote. I wrote the 12 playbooks, which is like 600 pages. It's like two fantasy novels of business tactics.

I rewrote the ACQ Closer Handbook. I rewrote and edited, made it cleaner and better, et cetera, the ads handbook. I wrote all the copy for all the pages.

I wrote all the copy for all the emails. I wrote all the text copy. I wrote every VSL, so every video, since there's six in this, because we have the affiliate sign in, affiliate onboarding.

We have the sales page. We have thank you page one, thank you page two, thank you page three. We have thank you page four, post event one, two, three.

We have onboarding. Yep. We have the other affiliate video.

So all of those scripts. I wrote the webinar, which is a lot of words. Yeah, I'm still actively writing.

The webinar is written. I have to put it in the slides now, so I wrote the words. I put the slides in.

What's it like having to do that much? I think it's just, I think it's looking at the mountain of work and just being like, I will make progress. Do you ever get nervous?

Not really. Concerned. Yeah, like if I'm like, okay, well, if something doesn't make sense, I'm like, this doesn't make sense.

Why would we put that there? Or like, oh, we can't, when someone's like, we can't do that, and it would make sense, and it doesn't make sense why we can't do something, trying to figure out, oh, the tech won't do this or whatever, that can be painful. And sometimes that eats up like two days.

It's like, boom, I have to dive deeper. Or like going into the warehouse and being like, we might not have enough guys. Yeah, just stupid shit, right?

Like we went to the warehouse for one of the warehouses, and I was like, hey, so how, you know, how you guys staffed up? And we'd already been given assurances that everything was going to be fine, and then they were like, yeah, we think we're going to have 20 guys extra, you know, just for yours. And I was like, 20?

So how many books do you think someone puts out? And they're like, well, I mean, 20 books an hour. And I was like, can we do math here?

Like 400 books an hour? I was like, how many hours is it going to work? Eight?

Straight? Okay, fine. So that's 3,200 books, right?

Well, they had 20 guys times 20, so 400 an hour times eight, right? 3,200. Am I messing that up somehow?

No, no, I think it's 3,200, yeah, it's 3,200, 3,200 books. It's nothing. I was like, okay, well, if we sell 3 million, are we going to have 1,000 days?

Like, what are we talking about? We're waiting until 2026 to get the next one. Yeah, yeah, ridiculous.

So anyways, I had to like do math with, just like little things like that. Are you sleeping much? No.

No. No. I can tell you.

I actually, I can tell you exactly how many hours I'm sleeping. I'll tell you my last. I was put in death's door.

I know. I'm saying. Yeah.

Sharon says old man Rosie. Oh, man, Rosie. Yeah, look, okay, so I got 5 hours and 45 minutes last night, 5 hours and 20 the night before, 5 hours and 17 the night before that, 6.54 the night before that.

That's because you hung out with me. Remember? Yeah.

I got 6.46 before that. Hung out with me that night. 7.45, that was Saturday.

That was on my birthday. Yeah, that was your birthday. 6.20, 5.45, 5.15, 5.20, 4.47, 8.

That was a nice one. 4 hours, 5.19, 6.18, 5.15. I mean, so like...

And I love... You had this tweet that's like, everyone's got battered. Like, no one's playing it 100%.

That's kind of like... Yeah, no one's playing it 100%. People are like, oh, like...

Like, I did... Dude, I only slept 5 hours. I was like, bitch.

The f*** out of here. Like, come on. What do we...

I mean... Dana's got a f***ing baby. Like, you know what I mean?

Like, honestly, I think about you. If I'm ever like, oh, I'm tired. I'm like, I don't have a f***ing one-year-old.

Like, what am I talking about? Like... You got three children.

You got three moats. Yeah. Well, yeah, they don't wake me up at night.

I wake up at 3 or 4. Just thinking. Never...

Oh, yeah, it's immediate. Yeah, and so it's never... Yeah, it's...

Yeah. That's why you say we're all going to be depressed after the f***ing lunch. You will be.

Guaranteed. Well, it's just... It's a...

It's a... It's a climactic event. So there's going to be a down.

Yeah. I mean, we've been... I mean, the team isn't preparing for this.

You will be physiologically depressed. Not like... Like, physiologically, you'll be depressed.

Your cortisol, all that, you'll get a big dump after the event's over. But we have... The nice thing that we have that's different than last year.

Last year was one moment. This date will be three days. So it'll spread it out a little bit.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. But then after that, it's going to be... It's going to be a little bit more chill.

But the thing is, is fortunately or unfortunately, we're going to have the launch, $100 million launch. Yeah. The event.

Yeah. And then we're going to have the first event for the playbooks. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So I'm going to have to keep going. Sure. So...

We've got to get them offers. We're going to get them booked. Because we're not coming with you.

All right. Are we cutting? Yeah, let's cut.

Yeah, that was... Yeah.