If you've ever struggled at the end of the month and worked all the way there only to look at the bank account and find that there was nothing there, there was too little for you to take out, and then been like, I literally just worked for an entire month for nothing, then this video is for you. So one of the number one issues that I see when I talk to small business owners or medium-sized business owners is that they don't have an adequate grasp on the difference between gross and net margin. And the reason I'm coloring the background green and I'm using my green pen is that margin is about the money.

So this is a topic that people do not talk about. It is also probably the number one thing that I look at in a business to determine its health and whether I would be interested in investing or any of those types of things. So let me break down the difference between gross margin and net margin, and then I'm going to tell you the functional ways that I use to fix a business.

So gross margin is what the direct cost of fulfilling your goods or services are. And so the equation for it, don't get, everyone's like, I don't like math. It's subtraction, all right?

It's not math that you're confused about if you zone out at this moment. It's because you don't want to do the thinking to understand the words. I want to be really clear.

I'm literally going to use subtraction here, all right? It's the revenue, how much money you're making, minus the cost of goods sold, all right? That's the COGS.

Now, the thing is, if you're in a service business, your cost of goods sold isn't the physical products that you're selling because you're not selling those, you're selling people. You're selling payroll hours, all right? And so the cost of goods sold for a service business, which is what the majority of people who are listening to this are using, is the incremental cost of the additional unit, which means that that doesn't count your front desk girl.

That doesn't count your HR director. It doesn't count your rent. None of that stuff counts.

It's just the cost of one additional unit, all right? Very important. Your net margin, and I'm going to give you examples in a second, your net margin is your chop, right?

That's what you, it's the juice at the end of the month. It's what you get after everything is paid what's left over. That's what you end up taking home, all right?

But the gross margin, in my opinion, well, they're both obviously very important, but the gross margin is the one that begets, that creates the net margin. And this is the one where I always focus, and this is the thing that I fix, and this is what I help people fix, and this is the game, all right? So my revenue minus cost.

So let's say we're selling a service for $60 per hour. That's what, let's just say you're a hairstylist or you're a trainer, doesn't matter, right? You're selling $60, right, in your business, and your cost of goods sold, let's say, is $20, right?

You're paying somebody $20 for the $60 thing. You're like, that sounds good. There's $40 left over for me.

This makes sense, right? Wrong, all right? And I'll get to why in a second and what number I use, but let's just do this so you can understand what the gross margin is here.

So the gross margin on this, and that's assuming we're not using any product to work on this, if you were a hairstylist, for example. But let's just say simply here, $60 is what you're charging, $20 is what it costs, and $40 is left over, right? Now, what you do to figure out your margins, you take that $40, right, what's left over, divided by the $60 of revenue, which is what you got gross, and what that does is it gets 66%.

That's the gross margin. You'll be like, oh, that sounds reasonable. That's not that much, you know, that's not that bad.

The thing is, is each incremental gross margin point is enormous. And so let me show you the difference. So let's say at the end of the year, you're running a business that runs on 66% gross margins.

And let's say at the very end of the year, now we're in the net margin category, you end up with 12% margins, all right? Now, most brick-and-mortar businesses run around there. Crazy, right?

But that's what most brick-and-mortar businesses run around. So if you're at 12% margins, and I say, listen, you've got to be at 80%, people are like, well, 80% and 66% is not that different. If you bumped your margins to 80%, what happens at the end of the year?

That's 14%. All right? So what that does is you now have 26% net margins at the end of the year.

We more than doubled. We 2.2x'd how much you make. So do you think this is important?

Can I double how much you make simply by changing this one number? Yes. All right?

So let's use the 80% example, which, by the way, is my rule of thumb. This is the number that I get any service-based business over. All right?

It doesn't matter what you're selling. This is what you have to get over. All right?

Now, I'll show you the difference between 80, 90, 95, 100 in a second, but this is important. All right? So if 80% gross margin is what I need, there's two ways I can do it.

One, I can decrease this cost. Right? I could say that I get this to $12.

Right? This becomes $12. So cross that out.

And now my new take-home on this is $48. Right? And so $48 over 60 equals 80%.

So one way you can increase your margin is decreasing your cost. Gross margin. The cost of actually doing the thing.

Right? The second way is by increasing how much you charge. This guy.

Right? And so let's say instead of 60 and we have this 20, so what is, how do we get 80% loafed over if we have a $20 cost? Well, it's easy with this number because 20 is 20%, right?

And so that means that you'd have to charge $100 for your $20 thing to have an 80% margin. And so way number one, you decrease the cost of fulfilling the thing. Way number two, you increase the price.

Right? Now, this is why this is so important. Obviously, I showed you at the end of the year, you'd have a lot of money.

But besides that, if you're making $100 or you're charging $100 or something, right? And it costs you 20, you got $80 left over. All right?

Now, from that $80, and here's what's important, you have to pay for everything else in the business and have enough money to market, to acquire more customers. And you have to have enough money to have a profit, right? And so it seems like you're like, 80%, Alex, that's crazy.

And so by the way, all successful businesses, the biggest businesses in the world, they're not running 80% margins. They're running 99% gross margins. All right?

And you're like, well, that's only 19% more. It's actually not. It's so much more than that.

So let me break down this difference real quick, and then I'll finish this example. So the difference between 80% margins, 90% margins, 95% margins, right? I'll just go all the way to 100, right?

And 100, let's do this, is that difference between 80 and 90 is that this is twice as profitable as this. Why? Because it's half the cost, right?

It means I took that 20 and made it 10, right? That's the difference. You're looking at this side of the equation, not all of this, all right?

The difference between 90 and 95% gross margins, again, twice as profitable. And what I mean by that is that you can sell twice as many people for the same cost. That is the magic, and that is how you scale.

That is how you get something that's enormously profitable, allows you to acquire customers, and has tons of profit kicking off every single month. And so this is where a lot of entrepreneurs get messed up because they feel bad about charging a lot for their services or a lot for their products or whatever, right? The thing is, is that if you do not do this, you will make no profit, and you will not be able to scale, you will not help more people unless you get this right.

So you got to get over this mental barrier that you have around what you're able to charge for things that don't cost you a lot of money, right? Right. Okay.

So back to this example. So if I have $80 left over, that means that it depends on what my cost of acquisition is. So let's say, you know, there's a certain percentage of my revenue that I'm willing to give for cost of acquisition.

Let's say it's 20%, right? So if 20% of this I'm willing to give, that means that $16 is what I have left to market this, right? Because you see, like you can only use it off of what's left here.

And you still, after you pay your marketing, right? You still have the rest of your costs. You still have rent.

You still have payroll. You still have, you know, payroll for all the non-essential stuff. You still have software.

You still have all these other costs of doing business, all right, that have to come out of just the remainder between here and here, all right? This is the game. And so in some total here, if I'm looking at a business, the big number that I'm looking at is 80%.

And that's what I target. I target any business, especially for service, that's over 80%. And so if I'm trying to invest in something, or I'm trying, like this is the game that we get to.

And so you can do this for any brick and mortar business, for your business, for anything, you got to be over 80. And ideally, pushing from 80 to 90 or 90 to 95 at each of these increments doubles the productivity of the business again, right? And that's where it gets magical.

And so the two ways you can do it, just as a quick recap, to increase your gross margin is number one, you can decrease the cost. And number two, you can increase the price. And that is how you can increase your gross margin percentage, all right?

So I hope that was valuable for you. I hope that made sense. I hope if you look at your own services and you're like, well, like, what's my gross margin?

Break it down. What's the additional cost for one more person, right? If I, like I said earlier, if I was selling something for $60, and if you don't know, let's say you've got one person, I'll give you one more example for this.

Let's say you've got the type of business where one person fulfills for many people, because you're like, I don't know what my cost would be. So I actually had this example not that long ago. I was at a mastermind, and a guy said he's got coaches and they coach people, right?

And so I said, well, what are your gross margins? And he's like, I have no idea. I was like, well, let's walk through it together.

So he was paying his coach $4,000 a month, all right? That's what he was paying his coach. And I said, cool.

How many clients can your coach handle? He said, well, my coach can handle 40 people, all right? 40 clients.

And I was like, okay, what do you charge your clients per month? He said, well, I sell packages. And I was like, all right, well, what are your packages costing?

He's like, they're $1,200 packages. I was like, okay, what does $1,200 get me? He said, it gets you three months.

I'm going to give you a real world example here. So hopefully you guys dig this, all right? Which means that it's $400 per month if you spread it out, right?

So he's got 40 clients, $400 a month is what they're charging, all right? Which means 40 times 400, hopefully my math is right here, is 160,000. Hopefully, am I messing something up here?

I think it's 160,000, isn't it? Zero, four times 4,000. No, it's 16,000.

I was like, whoa. So, um, it's $16,000 per month, right? That's cool, right?

That's neat. So $16,000 per month and the cost of the coach is 4,000, right? Everyone following with me?

So it means that there's 12,000 left over. So that's what's left over after the cost. And then we're just dividing it by the total revenue, right?

Which is this guy. You just bring it back down. So it's just 12 divided by 16, right?

Which in this instance would be 75%. So he's close to 80, but he's like, well, you know, I don't want to change anything because I'm already at 75. But remember, at the end of the year, the end of the year, let's say you've got 15% margins, right?

Let's just say at the end of the year you've got 15%. Bumping the extra 5% takes you to 20, right? And you're like, oh, wow, that doesn't seem like a big difference.

15% to 20% net margins at the end of the year is a 25% increase in how much money you make. That is how important this is. And so, anyways, so what would he need to do?

He either has to pay this guy less or he's got to charge more money a year. And so the way to figure this out backwards, if you wanted to, if you didn't want to change, excuse me, if you did want to change your price to get it over 80%, then you simply basically increase what this number needs to be until it's 80%. So, gosh, what's the, it's 1.6 times 8, whatever that is.

8 and then, oh, God, it's 12.8. Yeah, so that would mean that he has to get to 12,800 if he wanted to get over 80%, which means he either needs to charge the extra 40 clients an extra $200, no, $20. Yeah, he would need to charge an extra 20 bucks here.

Right? Per month. Or he could pay this coach $3,200 per month.

And that is how he would get from 75% to 80%. And that, my friends, is the game. So, hope you found this useful.

Hopefully you liked this. Hopefully you thought this was awesome. If you didn't, well, please tell me.

I just want to make stuff that you guys find valuable. This is the game. This is the stuff that I dive super deep into when I'm trying to fix a business model or I'm consulting with somebody.

And I hope you find that valuable, too. So, anyways, keep being awesome. Please leave a post or review or any of that good stuff.

And I will see you on the next one. Bye!