When I was 27 years old, I just sold all of my gyms and put all of my money into a new venture and lost all of it. And so I had $1,036 when I was 27 years old. Two years later, I had over $17 million in my bank account.

And it was because I accidentally stumbled into one of the four ways that fortunes are made. All right. And so one of the key things that we have to understand and we'll try and break down today is one, the difference between money and wealth, two, the four types of leverage that exist.

And then within those types of leverage, permission and permissionless leverage and how you can harness those things in your business so that you can make them into things that can build fortunes. So the first thing is understanding what is money, right? Money is simply the way that we transfer wealth from one person to another.

All right. That's all it is. It just functions as a medium of transfer.

It's actually not in and of itself valuable. It's valuable insofar as it allows us to acquire assets, which gets us to the second column, which is wealth. This is what you want.

And that's why there's a difference between rich people and wealthy people. Wealth is about assets that earn while you sleep, meaning that you don't have to trade any time to have these assets make you money. And so one of the things that I think I got from Taylor Walsh was poor people do the wrong things, rich people do the right things, wealthy people own the right things.

And so as you're transitioning through life, you have to think about am I somebody who's doing the right thing or am I somebody trying to own the right things? And so, for example, lawyers, doctors, accountants, they can never really make crazy money. They can't, they cannot get wealthy, super wealthy, unless they transition from being a practitioner where they're training time for dollars into owning an entire practice of lots of doctors working for them, which means they then they have created an asset, which then generates wealth while they sleep, right?

Generates money while they sleep, which is what makes it into wealth. All right. And so if you look over the last hundreds of years, we're talking 500,000 plus years, fortunes have been made in four ways.

In the beginning, so this is then, the first way was through labor, all right? And the reason labor is the first way of gaining leverage is because there was no other way of getting it. That's why the kings and queens had hundreds and hundreds of servants.

That's how the pyramids were built, right? That's how Rockefeller was able to build his oil across the United States, right? Was through labor, right?

And so because of that, he didn't have to trade his own time for dollars. He was able to buy other people's time, right? Now labor is the hardest type of leverage to employ.

It'll impress your parents, but it won't actually, it's one of the hardest things to employ. Anybody who knows who has 50, 100, 500 plus employees understands that it's one of the hardest things to employ, but it is one of the things, one of the four ways of gaining leverage. And one of the key tenants of these first two is that these are permission-based leverage.

You need other people's permission. You need to, you need to appease others in order to use this type of leverage. The second type of leverage, which is also still permission-based is capital, right?

That's money, specifically other people's money. And so just an example of what capital is, is let's say I want to buy something that doubles in value over five years, all right? And let's say I get somebody to give me a hundred percent of the money to buy this thing, right?

And so after five years, I have to repay the person back, but that thing doubled in value, right? So let's say it was a hundred dollars when I bought it from someone else's money. And then it's $200 after five years.

Well, I have to pay back the hundred dollars plus some interest, but then everything else I get to keep. And so that is a type of capital where if you think about how much my returns were, they're basically infinite because I didn't put any money down, right? And that is why capital has been the second main way that fortunes were built.

This is where the newer billionaires, newer, they're still old now, billionaires were created. This is the Buffetts, this is the Munger, this is the Carl Icons of the world who made their wealth through financing and using other people's money as leverage. Both of these things, you have to ask for permission.

People have to give you the money. They have to, you have to take that money under terms under which you're going to give it back, right? Now the new way of creating wealth, there are two of them and they are permissionless, all right?

So here you don't need any permission in order to use these things. And that is what the new fortunes are being made of. The first is through code.

All right? So this is all the big software companies that you see, the tech giants that exist, they use code for permissionless leverage because with code, it costs zero dollars to have an additional person consume or get utility from what the code does, right? And so if you have a piece of software that's CRM, adding a hundred users or adding a thousand users costs, you know, additional amount for that one more user, right?

And so that is why code is one of the things that's created fortunes in the present day. Now, if you're like, well, Alex, I don't know how to write code. Well, then let me tell you the fourth way, which is the one that I accidentally stumbled in when I switched my business from a service-based business, which was just selling other people's time to a media business, which was number four, which is media.

Now, if you think about the tycoons that exist out there, Zuckerberg, he's media. He sells eyeballs. He sells impressions.

Google sells impressions. They sell media, right? Bloomberg, he was old school media.

So he was the news. He was radio, all that kind of stuff. All of that was in his network.

And the beautiful thing about that is that when you have media, you have a captured amount of eyeballs. You can continually sell those eyeballs. And as they grow, you just continue to sell them and it costs no incremental amount.

And so the gross margin in this are basically 100%. There's no added cost. And so you've heard me talk about having good margins in a business.

These are the ways that you get the exceptional world-class margins, which is what builds fortunes, right? And so for me, when I transitioned my company from doing a done-for-you service, where I used to fly out as a sales team and fill up locations of brick-and-mortar facilities to licensing media, I was able to sell at zero incremental cost. And because of that, my margins went through the roof and that was what enabled me to acquire money, which I was then able to transfer into wealth.

All right. Now, if you're thinking right now, like, well, there's some places like, you know, is Google code or media? The answer is yes, it's both.

And so if you can employ multiple types of leverage, then you juice the returns even more. And so that's why all the super wealth that is being created, a lot of times it's using two or three of these types of things. They're taking other people's money to get other people's labor to write the code that then they sell as media once they acquire all of the eyeballs.

And that's the winner takes all games that are existing right now. But right now, if you're like, well, Alex, I don't know how to write code. Well, that's okay.

I don't either. And so that's where we take things like this YouTube channel. This is why Joe Rogan can sell his podcast for a hundred million dollars.

And he can sell ad space because he owns media. And so right now, this is where you can create blogs for no money. You can create YouTube videos for no money.

You can anything, you can make, you can make podcasts for no money. All of these things you can do as media to distribute at zero incremental cost. And that is how fortunes are built.

And over time, as you can see, it gets, I want to say, easier to build fortunes, which is why now is the best time to be alive out of any time. Can you imagine a time where you, there weren't just fun, you couldn't just raise capital. You couldn't just have accredited investors that you could call up.

These things didn't exist. It was just the time of labor. It was the time of pyramids, right?

But as time has progressed, the ways to build fortunes have increased and the level of permission that's required has decreased, right? If you are the best coder in the world, you can build something that no one else can build. If you are the absolute best at providing value, at capturing attention, then you can do this and you can create your fortune with no one's permission.

And that's the beauty of being alive today. And so if you're looking about your own business and you're thinking about how, how can I make my business more valuable? Try and tap into one of these four types of leverage, because if you do that, I can guarantee you will make more money and you'll have a chance at building one of these super fortunes.

And I was very fortunate to have stumbled into this fourth one. And now I look for it deliberately. So hope you found that valuable or as valuable as it was for me when I started thinking about this stuff.

And I'll see you in the next video.