Today's topic is going to be preparation within the context of work. And so what I want to do today is actually reset your bar for what preparation looks like for the highest achieving people that I know within different contexts. So whether that's sales, that's marketing, content, whatever, customer success, all of these contexts have different types of prep.

There's two different ways to prep that I'll talk about and give you some tactics that you can use and maybe send to your team as well. Because hey, if they prep more, you'll make more. I'll give you an example of like a resetting that just recently happened for me.

So I'm obviously very big on the amount of reps that it takes. Like volume negates luck is the number one quote that we have in the sales team wall so that the guys understand like it's just about the reps. And we just say it all the time.

It's repeated over and over again because we also believe repetition of the same beliefs is something that will drive them to remember this thing because we need to be reminded more than we need to be taught. But recently, even getting into this content game, this is about a year ago, I was talking to Eric. Eric is a content creator who has 10, 15 million subscribers, something like that on YouTube.

And we were saying, I was like, hey, what can we do to make our YouTube videos better? And so he said, oh, just send me over your prep case for the videos. And I was like, what do you mean?

I was like, you mean like the notes on my phone? He's like, no. And I was like, can you send me one of yours so I know what you're talking about?

And so he sends me his most recent prep for one of his videos. And it was like 22 pages for like a 15 minute video. And I was like, oh, okay.

So my understanding of how much work it takes to do something at this level is wildly under what the reality of it is at that level. And so I attended something. He invited me to like a little creator meetup with some of the biggest guys on YouTube.

I'll just say it this way. You would know everybody in the room. And when we were there, they were all discussing how much time it took them to prep for videos.

And a lot of these guys were spending two, three, four straight weeks of 12 hours a day to make one video per month. And I will tell you this is that it was in no way surprising to me after going there for two days what it took and why those guys were the number one in that industry for making content that was exceptional. And so it completely reset my standard, reset my bar for how much preparation was required to be exceptional.

And it was because, and this is why it's so silly for me because I feel like I keep learning and relearning the same lessons but just in new domains, is that the people who are doing way better than you are just working so much harder. And the thing is that people think that someone's working like two times as hard or three times as hard because we tend to think in increments. We're like, okay, well, I work this much.

Someone must be doing twice as much work. But it's not even close to that. These guys are doing like literally 100 times the work.

And it's not only that. They have a team of 10 people spending four weeks to prepare one 15-minute video. Like the order of magnitude in terms of effort there, you multiply it by 10 times 12 hours a day times four weeks.

All of a sudden, you really are at 1,000 times the work, 1,500 times the work to create, to be fair, an outcome that is 1,500 or 10,000 times better than the average YouTube video or whatever it is that you're making. And obviously, I'm just using this as a content example, but it applies to anything. It applies to sales meetings.

It applies to how you prep for a date. It applies to how you meet the parents or the in-laws. And so I'll tell you a second story.

So I used to do some consulting stuff. And I had a guy who was a friend, a business acquaintance, who said, hey, man, I would love it if we could spend a day together. And I was like, I don't really do that.

And he's like, just name her price. And I said, fine. Actually, total fun side note story with this.

I was like, fine. I'll do it for 50 grand. This was ages ago.

And he said, how about 35? And I said, how about 75? And he was like, all right, 50 is cool.

And I was like, all right. And so just a side note, when someone says, hey, can you do it for less? You can always say, hey, I can do it for more.

And every single time I've used that overcome, it has worked. So right now, it's like 100% overcome for using that. Highly recommend using it in a sales situation because people are like, okay, I got it.

Understood. Like, that's your price. So that was first half of story number two with the consulting day.

So when I did that day, what I did was I started that morning. I think we were going to start meeting at nine. And so I woke up at five and I spent four hours reviewing his business, right?

Because I figured my day was going to be shot. This is going to be my day. Like, I'm not going to try to do anything else.

And so I spent the four hours prepping. And I came into the day with, I think, four or five pages of notes of like, okay, here are things we could do here that would be better. Here's things on your follow-up sequence.

Here's things on your landing pages. Here are things that you can do from a content. Here's how I think your CTAs could be better.

All of this stuff, right? And so I came in with it. And the next like four hours, I just spent showing him what I had spent the morning going over.

And at the end of the day, he was like, I have genuinely never had anyone come this prepared to something. And to me, I was like, it was four hours of prep. It wasn't like a crazy, you know what I mean?

To me, four hours of prep is nothing. You know what I mean? In terms of work.

But it was really confirming because this guy obviously had the money to spend 50 grand for a day or whatever. And that he had not had that type. I was like, it still bewilders me.

And I see that more so that it is remarkable how low the bar is to beat everyone else. And so that's what I take as my takeaway from that. Like on one hand, you've got Eric and some of these super creators who are spending thousands of hours on one single piece of content.

But I think if you like do consulting or you do some sort of work where you do the same thing over and over again, like you can have like a four to one ratio. If I go into a meeting and it's a 60 minute meeting, you can take 15 minutes before you get into the meeting. And I think like a four to one ratio is really our one to four ratio.

Like if it's a eight hour day spending two hours. If it's a 60 minute meeting spending 15 minutes, if it's a 20 minute meeting spending five minutes before you get on, um, we'll make the 20 minutes two, three times more effective by just having that little bit of block to say, who's on this meeting? What's the background of this?

What's the agenda? What problem are we trying to solve? It just, it just absolutely focuses you and makes you a driver in the meeting.

I can just absolutely like promise you that. Now, um, third one, when we have founders who come into the portfolio. So when we invest in a company, one of the things that happens most commonly is a lot of them are running paid ads or they start running paid ads.

So it's either way. So either they're running ads and they hit some sort of plateau or they want to get into running ads. And so I'll tell you the story that I explained to almost all of them, which is I say, all right, how many, uh, you know, what do you, what do you guys spend in today?

And they're like, all right, we're spending 5,000 a day. Okay, fine. So how many new ads are you making per week?

And a lot of time they're like, oh, we record ads once a month. And I'm like, okay, well, how many ads do you make? They're like usually five or seven ads.

And I'm like, okay, so let me give you some context. We make, uh, about 30 ads a week. New and that's new unique video.

Now that's not repurposing of that. That's 30 core pieces, which then get zillion doubt in terms of like, let's take the hook from number one and put it as number three and then redo the same video. Those would be permutations that go from 30 to like a hundred pieces of creative.

And as soon as I explained that, they're like, oh, and I was like, so you're doing five to seven and you're complaining that you can't scale. But the reality is that you just can't scale given this level of creative. Like if you're creative is a five out of 10, you can get to 5,000 a day profitably, but you're not going to get to 50,000 a day profitably because you're not getting that one out of a hundred ad that can scale to colder audiences or newer people.

And so it's just the, like, if you have a mediocre ad, like many of you guys who start running ads are like, oh, I get it to a hundred dollars a day, but I can't get it to be profitable at $500 a day. It's like, yeah, because your ad is so bad. It can only go to the absolute hottest audience.

And then as soon as it goes outside of that very hot audience that kind of knows you a little bit, it stops working. Right. And so if you had, if you went from a five out of 10 ad to a seven out of 10 ad, then all of a sudden it's like, oh, I can get to $500 a day.

And if you get to an eight out of a 10 ad, you can go to a $5,000 a day. Right. But the nine out of 10 and the 10 out of 10 ads, like that's what converts the world.

But in order to get that 10 out of 10 ad, you have to do so much more preparation before you do the ads and actual total volume of work of doing the ads itself. And so I share this stuff because my entire goal of this right now is to reset your expectations of the amount of preparation that it takes to be good. Because it's so easy.

It's like mediocrity is so easy to do because you just do something. And hey, anything's better than nothing. So if you're doing nothing, then absolutely start.

But what happens is people are like, why isn't it working for me? And it's not working for you because you're not working nearly as much as you, as what is required to get that level of output. Right.

So let me tell you a different story. So I had a, a buddy of mine's a billionaire and he wants to start making content, which is, I, I'm a huge proponent of this because he actually has stuff to say. Um, and, but he's still learning the content game.

Right. And so he's like, Hey man, can you look at my Instagram and tell me, or sorry, can you look at my, he said, can you look at my social media and tell me what I'm, what I'm, what I'm doing wrong or what I should be doing better. And so before I pulled up his thing, I was like, well, how many posts are you making a day across all platforms?

And he was like, one, I'm doing one a day right now. Um, and he said it like that, kind of like, he was like, yes, I'm doing one a day right now. And I was like, all right, man, um, we make at the time we were, we were making 50 a day.

We make more than that now. And he just looked at me and he was like, you don't need to say anymore. And he's like, I got it.

Like he understood in that moment, the same thing I did when I, when Eric told, showed me his prep case for his YouTube videos. I was like, I get it. Like I'm, I'm, I'm, he said, thank you for resetting my, my, uh, my measuring stick.

That's what he said. He was like my, you reset my bar, reset my expectations of how much, how much work it takes to get to that level that I want to get to. Hey, if you want to get around people who are actually winning, who look like you, who smell like you, who talk like you and are doing what you want to do, I'd like to invite you to the school games community at school.com forward slash games.

I take calls in there. I put content that's like this and more personalized inside of that community. And I drop a huge amount, uh, once a month, an eight hour training on how to actually take this stuff and win anyways.

And so if that's interesting school.com forward slash games, see you in there. I share this stuff because I think one of the biggest gifts of surrounding yourself in a championship team. So there's a book by, um, Angela Duckworth called grit, um, which is a good book.

Um, but one of the things that, uh, they talk about in the book is that one of the best ways to develop grit is to surround yourself with people who have grit. So one of the for sure ways to get better at a skill is surround yourself with people who already have that skill who are ahead of you. And so that's why joining a championship team is one of the best things you can do to understand what is required to win.

And so when you're in the, the story that she tells in the book is, uh, swimmers who want to get better at swimming. If you can make the state team or whatever of like a championship team, all of a sudden there's standards of work that you didn't understand is what everyone's doing. So you go from like, Oh, well I'm swimming twice a week.

And that's what you can do to be best in your high school or whatever. I'm making up the numbers. But when you go to the championship team, you realize that they do three hours a day, twice a day.

And all of a sudden you're like, Oh, and it's that same moment I had with Iraq. I was like, Oh, and the same moment my friend had when, when we talked about the social media was like, Oh, it's just this massive bar reset of like, Oh, this isn't like a two times as, as much thing. This is like a 50, a hundred times as much.

And so it's just, when you realize how much work it takes to get good, you realize how few things you can get good at. And that's where the focus becomes so important because the only way to get that good is to do a few things. And so that's where the strategy of picking or prioritizing the things that you want to get good at becomes more important because you just can't do a hundred times the work on a hundred different things.

And so making sure that you're allocating your resources to the one thing that matters most, which then forces you to prioritize what you're spending your time on, which by the way, I think is a really good activity. If you can spend a day or a week saying, okay, if I could only have one thing be true about our business, if I could have, like, if we have more traffic than anyone else, we will win based on this model or whatever it is that we have. If we have more referrals than anyone else, then we will win no matter what.

If we have the best advertising in terms of paid ads, if we just had that one thing, we will win. If you can be very clear about that one point of leverage, then you attack it with absolute onslaught of hours of work and repetition and preparation for those repetitions that then you'll do even more. And so it's like, I'll give you the ad example I was saying earlier.

If I, if I'm doing a hundred ads a week and my competitor is doing seven ads a month, I'm doing 400 to his seven. All right. So I'm doing, I don't know what the math is there, but a lot let's it's at least 50 times, 60 times more, right.

Then he is in terms of volume, but not only that, but when I go into that advertising day, what am I doing beforehand? I'm prepping all the, I want to prep all the hooks at a time. I want to do research of, of past ads that have done really well.

I want to take different ad styles that I've seen across social media in general that I liked. I'm like, I wonder if we can make a version of this for how we're going to advertise our thing. And by the way, I love taking from other spaces, like seeing a hotel ad or an Airbnb ad and be like, Ooh, that's would work really well in the software company that we have.

Oh, we've got this, you know, we've got this dry cleaning business that would work really well, this ad for a gym or whatever. Right. And I have this little swipe on my phone where whenever I see an ad, I like, I, I save it.

And then I also screenshot it so that when I get into my prep sessions, I already have my stuff that I want to use to prep in front of me. And so one of the, one of the big other things besides resetting your bar of expectation of how much prep it takes to win is that the more you prepare for stuff, the more frequently you do it, the better you will get it preparing. So preparing in and of itself is a skill.

Right. And so like the first time you prep for making ads, the per time you prep for making content, it's going to take you longer and you're going to be less efficient at it. But if you know, for example, this is your hundredth time preparing for making a podcast or whatever, like this is my prep for this little, this little podcast here.

I wrote this out ahead of time. I was like, these are all the things I wanted to hit on because I think they're important. Right.

And so I think in terms of resetting the bar, start thinking in hundreds rather than ones and twos. So it's not that somebody is doing twice as much work or three times as much work. They're doing a hundred times the work.

And in the example I gave earlier, sometimes way more than a hundred times the work. Two more quick things on this and then I'll let you go about your day so you can start preparing. So Elon Musk recently talked about something, well not recently, but I've heard, I heard an article or an interview from him that he said, he referenced Parkinson's law.

So Parkinson's law, for those of you guys who don't know, is that work expands the time allotted. Right. And so I think what you don't want to do is over prepare for the wrong thing.

And let me, let me put my caveat there is that I actually think there's tremendous ROI to cramming. Meaning he uses Parkinson's law in reverse, which is that it also, if, if work expands the time allotted, it can also shrink to the time that you shrink to. And there's a reason that kids cram.

It's because it's really high ROI on their time. Right. If they, if they prep for weeks and weeks and then they, they take the week before the exam off and don't look at anything.

Sometimes they do worse than just cramming right before the test. And so people aren't idiots. Like we know that cramming works, which is why we do it.

But I think I'd highly encourage thinking about prepping as cramming. I actually think it works amazingly well in a business context, but people somehow, somehow have said it's like a bad thing because I don't even know why teachers say it's a bad thing. At the end of the day, like you either ace the test or you didn't.

And so whatever. Now, in terms of long term, like I think, you know, not sleeping the night before probably impacts your, if you like probably impacts your performance more. But if you just study the day before and you study the morning of, I'll promise you that the studying the morning of will get you more than what you did the night before in terms of immediate result on the test more than long term retention, which is different, just to be clear.

But the thing is, is if you're doing a meeting, you're going to take notes and then you're going to delegate stuff. And so you being able to run that meeting effectively based on you cramming for that meeting, super high ROI on your time. And so I absolutely love the concept of cramming within within the world of business, because a lot of times you do have something you just need to do once and you need to impress the client, you need to impress the boss, you need to you need to just come prepared for a company presentation that you're doing in front of a whole team or a department or the whole the whole company entirely.

Going back to the two types of work there are, is that there are two types of preparation you have. You have preparation for things you're going to do that you do many, many, many times, which you get better and better preparing for it, which means you can actually shrink the amount of time you need to prepare. And I think the closer you do the preparation to the event itself, the more valuable it is.

And so that is why take the five minutes, literally actually take the five minutes before the meeting to say, okay, this is John. Let me look at his profile real quick. Okay, John's he's out of Milwaukee.

Okay, the Bucks are doing well. Let me see if he follows the Bucks. Okay, he tagged something there.

And his wife's name is Joyce. Okay, got it. So you get on the meeting, you're like, dude, John, how's it going?

Dude, the Bucks are killing it. Oh, that's fantastic. How's Joyce doing?

Good, great. And I saw, do we have, is this Mike? Is this Mike?

He's your VP of customer success. Hey, Mike, nice to meet you, man. I was just looking you guys up before I got on.

Really cool stuff that you guys are doing at XYZ Corp. As soon as I say that, they're like immediately in 60 seconds, they're like, this guy prepared. And that's what it communicates.

And the thing is, is that the idea that someone knows that you prepare literally separates you from so many other people who just show up and they're like, oh, what are we going to do today? Right? And so sure, you should absolutely be prepared in terms of the agenda, in terms of your scripting for how you run these meetings.

But you get so much return on demonstrating that you prepared. Like people know if you prepared. It just, it completely blows them away.

And I still, to this day, I get people are so, they're like, dude, thank you so much for taking the time. Like you, I feel like you knew our, our company. I feel like you knew our business, like even better than people that I've spent, you know, I've had all, you know, vendors who did all this stuff.

And I was like, yeah, I mean, I'm not going to walk into a meeting, not knowing who I'm talking to. Like, what are we going to do? Spend the whole, the whole time fact finding before I can actually make a recommendation around something?

Well, that's such a waste of time for you and me, because I know what I'm looking for. And it's going to be really inefficient for you to exchange it via, via verbal. And I can just click around and find out what I need to do.

Especially if you're looking at it from an external way in to like, okay, why are prospects not converting? Well, I don't need to talk to you. I should look at what somebody who doesn't talk to you would see so that I can make the recommendations or conclusions.

And sometimes that kind of preparation is more valuable because they're not going to color. They're not going to give me the whys and the why it's difficult because I don't care. I'm a prospect, right?

At least I'm going to put those glasses on. And so back to the one-time thing versus the many-time thing. If you do it a lot of times, you're going to get better and better prepping.

And I would say prep as close to the event as you can. And I think a four to one ratio in the beginning is good, 15 minutes to 60, one hour to four hours in terms of prep to how much work you're going to do for whatever the thing is. And over time, it can shrink a little bit.

So you can be like one to 10. So it's five minutes for a 60 minute meeting. But for the things that you're going to do one time that you have never done before, that's where it actually expands the other way.

It goes like 10, 20 hours of prep for one hour of presenting. And so determining how much you're willing to prepare for something that you're only going to do once, rather than something that you do all the time, in my opinion, comes up to the stakes and the returns. And so if you're going to go to a speech in front of 1,000 people and you've never spoken before, and ideally, hopefully, it's a topic that you do understand, but you just haven't spoken in that environment before, then I want to control for every other variable that can approximate me speaking in front.

So one, I want to know, I want to master the material, for sure. If you're getting up there and you don't know what you're talking about or the things you're going to talk about, well, dear God, no wonder that you suck at talking. Now, beyond that, it's how many ways can I approximate this?

Like for example, going live on social media can help you approximate a live audience in person. Is it perfect? But is it better than just talking to the mirror?

Probably. Now, if you aren't going to... Now, this is a real one.

This is actually from the fitness world. If you get used to squatting, for example, I'll bring it home. If you squat in the mirror every day and you can see yourself and you're squatting, if you go to a competition, this actually happened to me in my first competition, I worked out at a gym that had a mirror in front of the squat rack.

And so I just always squatted there. I didn't think about it. When I got to a competition, I had the squat rack.

And when I looked out, there was no mirror. It was just a crowd of people watching me squat. And I was like, oh, this is weird because I didn't even realize, but it was actually so different from how I trained.

And so from that point going forward, I turned around in the rack so that I would be facing the gym at least so that I wasn't looking at the mirror so that it was closer approximation to competition. And so as many of those variables as you can control for, you want to have in the prep so that the prep as closely as possible approximates the performance. And so there's cramming for like you having information that'll better arm you for consulting sales, customer success, whatever, which by the way, if you're in customer success, like spending five minutes before you get on the call with a customer, like reviewing the call notes, reviewing the notes from the sales team, looking at the person's profile before you get on.

Dear God, will they think it's absolutely amazing? And it takes this much work. Like you'll, you'll like, they will think you're three times cooler with five minutes of work for a 60 minute call.

Like, I almost think that you saying, Hey, give me five minutes at the beginning of the call and starting five minutes late will still, even though I hate starting late would still yield you a better outcome at the end of the 60 minutes than starting on time and not being prepared. It comes down to the return on effort and return on time. And so if you're going to talk to a thousand people and this, and these are, let's say your ideal customers.

Well, if I was going to have a thousand one-on-one meetings, how much would I prepare for each of those one-on-one meetings? That was 60 minutes. I might prepare 10 minutes, right?

Well, if I have 10 minutes times a thousand, that's like, I don't know, 167 hours, right? Something like that. And so if 167 hours of prep for that one thing, now, realistically, that might not make sense because you do have diminishing returns.

And so that's why speaking one to many is higher return. But just to give yourself a context is like when we did the book launch, I was like, dear God, how much do I prep for a thousand person audience? And I'm going to have half a million people there.

I'm going to have 500,000, 500 times. Well, I better not waste anyone's time while I'm there and make sure that every second, the value per second is super high. And so I think, again, we have to reset our expectations of how much work it takes to prepare for the one-time performances based on what you expect to get from it.

So if you're going to do a one-time performance to 10 people, then maybe you prepare for four hours, right? But if you're going to talk to a thousand people, then maybe you prepare for 40 hours. And if you're going to talk to 10,000 people, then maybe you do prepare for 400 hours or it does have a diminishing term.

So maybe it's 200 hours. But I think what most people miss out on is they get up and they say their talk once, and they do it once to their wife and once their dog. And they're like, you know, I'm super nervous.

And so I'll leave you with this. You are not nervous. You're underprepared.

It's not that you have anxiety. It's that you didn't do the work that you know you should have done. And so if I have anxiety about something that's coming up, that has become my telltale sign that I'm underprepared, that I didn't do the work that I know I should have done.

And that's when you get nervous. When you can get up on stage and you can do whatever your version of the performance is and have absolutely zero anxiety, it's because you've absolutely habituated to the stressor. And so, for example, if you want to get someone to stop being afraid of spiders, the fastest way to do that is get them into a room with spiders and let them sit there, have a fucking panic attack, pass out, wake up again, pass out, wake up again until eventually they habituate.

They just realize that they don't die and they're still there and there are spiders and they keep living. And then the phobia is gone. They habituate.

And so what you want to do, or at least how I like to do it, is I want to habituate to the stressor, which is if I'm stressed about this thing, then it means I haven't prepared enough. And so it's not imposter syndrome. You're just inexperienced.

You're just not good enough yet. And so I want to make sure that I can control for all the controllables first and then leave room for the uncontrollables, but have all of my bandwidth available so that when the mic cuts out or the presentation isn't working or my clicker runs out of battery, all of these things have happened that I'm still prepared enough that people are there like, damn, he handled that really well. It's because this wasn't my first time.

And that's the difference is that like when you, you don't want people to think it's your first rodeo. And so many of you are going into every meeting, every call, every appointment, like it's your first rodeo and they can tell. Everyone can tell.

And the people who can tell the most are the people who you want to impress the most. Like it's very easy to impress poor people because they don't know any better. Much more difficult to impress a wealthy person because they know how the game works.

And so I see this with the, like the Rolex Flex or the, I rented the Lambo for the day and look at my Instagram picture. Anybody who's really in the game is like, dude, my jet costs 500 Lamborghinis. Like I could give a fuck what you drive, right?

Like the way you impress them is you outwork them. So to impress poor people, you outspend them. To impress wealthy people, you outwork them.

That's the difference. So if I see a kid who's not flexing any of that stuff, but I see how hard this kid's working, that's what impresses me. If I, if anything, I see a younger guy who's like blowing cash to like flex.

I'm not even neutral. I'm less impressed. I'm like, dude, what are you playing?

Like who I meet? I'm like, who are you trying to impress? And then whatever they say, I'm like, it's the wrong person, man.

Because the right girl also is impressed by how hard you work. Because they know what that leads, because people take wealth as an approximation for character and that's not true. They say, I have this Lamborghini, therefore I work hard.

But if you just spend way beyond your means, which is what I see it as, especially if you're younger, I just see that as irresponsible and insecure. And so it's making sure that you're putting the right bait out. And the best bait for getting the right people is the effort that they know you put in when they weren't looking.

And you only do that by when you show up the first time, it looks like it's your hundredth time. And they know it's the only meaning you have with them and that you took 20 hours to prep for it. They're like, all right, this kid's got it.

Or this guy's got it. This gal's got it. She gets it.

Like, that's all I look at. I'm like, immediately, it's just like I had that conversation with my billionaire buddy. He was like, you don't need to send anymore.

I get it. And I feel that way with vendors. So if I get on the phone with someone and they have clearly 10 hours of preparation, 20 hours of preparation for that call, they don't need to sell me that hard.

I'm like, I get it. You've demonstrated in advance the value that you want to provide before we started working together. Like, I get it.

Like, whatever the bill is, send the invoice. Team will take care of it. Let's start working together.

When someone spends all their time trying to sell me and I'm like, what did you do to prepare? And they're trying to overcome with their words. You already lost.

And so, so many of you guys are losing before you step into the arena. You're trying to ride a bull for the first time on your first rodeo. And then thinking that you need to have some special talent or some natural whatever that's going to make it work.

Like, why so-and-so is different or better? It's because that guy has been three hours a day, morning and afternoon, every day for the last two years riding bulls. And so, he doesn't have to think about that.

His only thing that he's thinking about when he's on the ring is the uncontrollable. So that he can use 100% of his bandwidth for, oh, I had the meeting and then he brought two people I didn't expect. Well, tell me more about that.

Oh, that would work well with page two. If you turn to page two in the prep file I have, I think this will be really applicable for you. And when we get there, I'll definitely need your insight.

Oh, wow. He included them in. But if I didn't have that prep ahead of time, I'd be like, oh, wow, I had a game plan.

And now it's totally screwed because there's two other people who are stakeholders. So, TLDR, you're underprepared most of the time, most of you. And I'm saying this because I talk to you guys a lot.

Five minutes of prep for a 60-minute meeting will do more than trying to razzle-dazzle your way through with your words once you're on. I think Sun Tzu said, every battle is won before the battle begins.