Welcome to the call today. I want to open the floor up to ask you guys, because I'm sure, because it's been 30 days since last time we spoke. So if you guys have questions in the chat, burning things, decisions that are impending, things you're unsure about, strategies that you need to validate, or even just a verbal high five, please put it in the chat and then I'll go from top to bottom.

Jason, bring you on a business partner. Don't do it. And go ahead.

So I've had this business for over a decade and Legion's just, it's always been my weakest function. And I'm more, what's that? Can I pause you real quick on that one point?

How many hours a day do you spend working on Legion? Not a lot because I get caught up in other stuff. Yeah.

So you're thinking about doing a partnership with Kyle and you're making the consideration. You want to know the decision process. Is that right?

Yeah. I mean, A, I want to know if it was a good idea, which I know there's risks involved. So then I'm like, what, what are the risks and what consideration?

I'm meeting with Elizabeth Morgan this evening to bring up my concerns, but I wanted to get your feedback because you've probably seen a lot. You've been I've had eight failed partnerships. So I know nothing about this is you have to have re like, talk about all the ugly shit first.

Yeah. Right. So right now you guys are in lust, right?

You guys are like making out getting, you know, having, having sales sex and just like, it's things are amazing. Right. You don't want to have the really ugly, like how are we going to split up alimony?

If we, you know, if we get divorced later conversation, exit strategy, all that. Yeah. So like, that's what has to get defined.

And you now could define roles and responsibilities. The only reason to have a partner is if they have skills you do not have, or they have money you don't have, or they have time you don't have. If you're on the flip side, like you have money and they have time.

Right. So that's where, that's where partnerships are useful. The number one way most people do partnerships though, is like, Hey, I'm cool.

You're cool. We love the same thing. Let's go into business together, which is a terrible way to do a partnership because one of you is not necessary.

Right. And you're just deluding your equity. That being said, are you looking on doing a true partnership or are you looking on doing like a minority type deal?

I would always maintain a majority and it would be a scaling, you know, my big company's an S-Corp. So he would basically get a piece of the company as he helps me hit certain million dollar milestones to the point of max, maybe like a third of the company. Okay.

Well, that's, that's different. That's more like a performance-based relationship with kickers. I would, I would structure it as phantom equity, which means what?

So it's equity that doesn't actually vest and unless there is a sale. And if he were to leave, then he doesn't get the equity. And so you can pair those two things together.

So you can do like equity with profit sharing. And so that, that would be, that would be probably how I would structure it either profit share or rev share, depending on, you know, how you negotiate it. Okay.

But just as a, just a side note for everyone on here, like I remember I had a mentor really early on. He's like, and I was, I was taking on all these partners left and right. Cause I didn't know what I was doing.

And, uh, he's like, listen, you're going to need an accountant. He's like, you just pay the accountant. He's like, he's not a part, he's not a partner in my business.

He's like, I just pay an accountant. Right. So it's like, just cause you have a need doesn't mean they have to be equity owner.

Right. And there's plenty of companies that are owned by people who are not lead generation specialists, you know? So I think if it were me, I'd probably try and set up a really lucrative relationship that isn't necessarily a partnership.

So I'd say like, you know, it's pay per or a percentage of something, something to that extent. Right. I don't know if you're ever planning on selling.

Cause the only reason someone would ever want equity is if they want control or they want to be able to make money on an exit. So the only two reasons you want equity, otherwise equity sucks. Cause then you just have liability, which blows.

So unless he wants control, which I don't think he does. And unless you think you're going to sell, which I don't think you are, or I don't think you want to just, you've been doing it for a decade, unless you're just sick and tired of it, but I don't, I don't get that impression. Right.

So then the only thing that, that he should want, or that you should probably negotiate for is the stuff that he wants, which is a percentage of revenue or percentage of profit. Yeah. Based on XYZ.

So I think that's what you should, I don't think you need to make this an equity partnership at all. I think you just need an agreement. Hmm.

Okay. That makes sense. Yeah.

You just need an important performance agreement. This is like standard, you know, there's tons of e-commerce companies that like, they take 10% of top line from, from sales attributed to the marketing that they make in their full service. They don't have equity in the company, but they get, they get a percentage of revenue.

Hmm. Got it. Yeah.

I guess I have to see or talk to Kyle and figure out like, why would equity matter to him? Cause yeah. I'd be like, just say, what do you want?

The exit or the, or control, but. Right. Just ask, what do you want?

He's probably gonna say, I want to participate in the upside. Cool. What specifically?

Cause if it's sale, I'm not going to sell. So what specifically? I want to, I want a piece of what I'm bringing in.

Cool. So then let's do it based on do X or X or Y for you would be advantageous to profit share for him. It'd be advantageous to rupture.

It's up to you. Right. Okay.

That makes sense. And the next question looks like it's relevant. Peter's exit.

Okay. So Peter, this is for you, how to separate ties with the business partner and best practices go separate ways. So it depends on whether you have a kid or not.

Right. And how good looking the kid is and how much money the kid makes. Right.

And so you guys have a business. If the business isn't making a ton of money, then most of these times you can just be like, Hey man, like, why don't we just both fuck off and go our separate ways? It's even worse than that.

The business isn't making any money and has debt that needs to be paid off. So then you can just, I mean, then at that point, you should just split the debt. If you want to, if you like, you can split the debt or you can, um, is this an LLC that you are ending or is this in general?

So, so the way the business is set up is it is an LLC. And then I have obviously my own agency. So the, to the idea was to use my agency to generate sales, to then pay the debt of the other LLC back.

However, um, I'm responsible for the backend. He's responsible for the front end, like the sales. Yeah.

Last six months. He hasn't really brought in any sales. So now that I'm selling and doing everything.

Yeah. Exactly. Now it becomes a point of like, okay, this debt is 50, 50.

However, if I'm doing a hundred percent of the work, why should I also pay a hundred percent of the debt and fulfill the product and do everything else on the backend? Yeah. I mean, I'm trying to figure out like how to, uh, rip that bandaid off and say, you know, I don't know.

Easiest way to easiest way to have, have hard conversations is just ask the questions that you ask here. So like literally the biggest hack in all of relationships is the way that you talk about someone behind their back is literally what you should just tell them. So it's like, Hey, man, you said that you were going to do all the sales and I was going to do the backend.

Well, you're not doing the sales, but we're still both responsible for this thing. So what do you think's fair? You'll have what you have in mind, but a lot of times people who once you, once you present the information like that, it'll be like, ah, fuck you're right.

You're like, so what do you think's fair? It was like, well, you should just take the business and, um, I guess I can try and start paying off my, my share over time. And you're like, cool.

That's what I was thinking too. Let's sign these that way that, you know, the things dissolved. And then, uh, you transfer your equity to me and you have a note back to me for 50% of the debt.

Cool. That makes sense. Yeah.

You can Google promissory note template one page. It just like from borrower to lender, no interest X amount by this paid by this state in this increment. Like what, what happens if they default and that's it.

Like, it's a very simple, like I've done million dollar loans on one page. Like you're there, they hold up and you're in real estate. So you should find plenty of promissory notes that are simple.

Yeah. That makes sense. So equity.

That's to where investors are to our lenders. Right. So I want to make sure like, so this, the equity and the debt.

So there's two pieces, right? The equity, you just say, Hey, I own a hundred percent of this company. You're giving your shares to me because you're not doing shit.

Right. That's number one. Or we dissolve the company.

I create new entity. I'd prefer to save $300. It's up to you.

Right. With the thing is, is you could do that right now. It doesn't like, and you could just say like, I don't really give a shit.

If you sign this and it saves me 300 bucks, like this is not really discussion because there's nothing here. Right. The, the second piece is, uh, is okay.

Now let's, now that we've dealt with the equity piece, now let's deal with the debt piece. Right. And so the debt piece, this is what we both owe.

This is what we agreed on. This is what I will do. And this is the promissory note that you can write, you know, or we can both sign together towards the lenders.

Okay. Makes sense. And then you, then you're done.

Yeah. And then as far as his involved in my agency, just, he can quote unquote, sell my product and earn a commission and do whatever he seems with it or not. Cause that's the other, you know, tricky part is he's also involved in my agency, but more so because he doesn't make any money.

So it's not like he's gonna start making money now. Yeah. Okay.

Right. Yeah. And that's kind of what I'm thinking as well.

Yeah. It's like, let's obsess about the fact that it's like, what if he gets rich on my products, he wasn't getting rich on your product for the last two years. So like, I don't think it's just started out.

You know what I mean? Yeah, no, my, my, my thing was like, I want it, I want him to pull some sales in for us to actually sell the product. Cause then we would actually pay the other thing.

That's fine. Then I would say, and on top of this, I'll still continue to give you the, the, the thing you can still sell it. And you know, we split the revenue, whatever.

Yeah. Okay. Cool.

Cool. Sweet.